<!-- image -->

## 2022 ANNUAL REPORT

FOR A VIETNAM ASPIRATION

<!-- image -->

## TABLE OF CONTENT

## PART I - OVERVIEW

- 1.1. Messages of the Chairman
- 1.2. Vision, mission and core values
- 1.3. Notable events and awards
- 1.4. Key performance indicators (KPIs)

## PART II - DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY

2.1. About HHV

- 2.2. History and development
- 2.3. Business line and market area
- 2.4. Business model, assessment of internal &amp; external factors

2.5. SWOT analysis

2.6. Cooperation with the key stakeholders

- 2.7. 5-year development strategy

## PART III - BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

- 3.1. Report of the Board of Management (BoM)
- 3.2. Report of the Board of Directors (BoD)

3.3. Report of member divisions

| PART IV - CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  4.1. Stock info and shareholder structure  4.2. Introduction of the Management  4.3. Activities of the General Meeting of  Shareholders (AGM)  4.4. Activities of the Board of Directors (BoD)  4.5. Activities of the Board of Supervisors (BoS)  4.6. Activities of the Internal Audit Committe  4.7. Transactions, remunerations and benefits  of BoD, BoM, BoS  4.8. The assessment of corporate governance  based on the ASEAN scorecard  ## PART V - SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT  5.1. Highlights of the 2022 Annual Report  5.2. Economic Standards (GRI 200)  5.3. Environmental Standards (GRI 300)  5.4. Social Standards (GRI 400)  PART VI - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  82  84  86  96  97  108  110  111  118  124  126  127  129  129  136  4  6  8  10  20  22  24  26  28  30  38  42  50  54  56  66  74   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PART I - OVERVIEW

<!-- image -->

4

DEO CA TRAFFIC INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT JSC.

2022 ANNUAL REPORT

5

## 1.1. MESSAGES OF THE CHAIRMAN

<!-- image -->

## Dear our valued shareholders

First  of  all,  on  behalf  of  Deo  Ca  Traffic  Infrastructure Investment  JSC.  (HHV),  I  would  like  to  send  our partners, precious shareholders, and all of the employees  of  the Company  a  respectful  greeting and sincere thanks for your companionship and contributions  to  the  company  during  the  past  years to  establish  Deo  Ca  brand  as  the  foundation  so that  we  can  create  and  develop  HHV  as  it  is  today. We  are  proud  to  be  the  leading  investor  in  the  field of  transport  infrastructure  under  the  form  of  PublicPrivate Partnership with a total investment of ongoing projects  up  to  more  than VND  50,000  billion with high technical requirements such as the tunnel chain Deo Ca - Co Ma - Cu Mong - Hai Van project, Phu Gia Phuoc  Tuong  tunnel  project,  expansion  of  National Highway  1  through  Khanh  Hoa  province  project,  etc. These  projects  contribute  to  the  reduction  of  fatal traffic accidents in the craggy passes along the central area of Vietnam. Throughout our development  history, we  have  also  successfully  rebooted  some  stagnant projects such as Bac Giang - Lang Son Expressway in the North, and Trung Luong - My Thuan Expressway in the South, ... contributing to  the  momentum of the country's socioeconomic development.

In 2022, despite the unfavorable  macroeconomic conditions, high inflation, and rising material prices  causing  many  difficulties  for  our  company's production  and  business  activities,  HHV  still  proved its capabilities thanks to flexibly applying many solutions,  fully  utilizing  available  resources  to  ensure undisrupted activities, and fulfilling commitments with the Government and relevant authorities. Not  only  considering  the  business  benefits  of  our company, HHV also participates in social activities and fulfills  its  responsibilities.  Amid  Covid  19  pandemic, HHV actively opened a tunnel system in the Central region that the company is operating, including Deo Ca, Co Ma, Cu Mong, Hai Van, Phuoc Tuong Phu Gia to support tens of  thousands  of  people  repatriated  by  motorbike  via the  tunnels  safely  (which  is  unprecedented).  We  also quickly repaired the roads when natural disasters and landslides hit, ensuring safe circulation for people and vehicles. Activities that show our gratitude to the locals are  also  among  the  main  focuses  of  the  Company. Utilizing the available advantages of modern machinery  and  equipment  that  have  been  invested while  implementing  PPP  projects,  HHV  has  recently been  appointed  as  the  general  contractor  for  the construction of Phase 2 of the North-South expressway project,  Quang Ngai - Hoai Nhon section, with a total estimated  value  of  more  than  VND  13,000  billion.

With a centralized growth strategy and self-positioning in the aspiration of a prosperous Vietnam, our prioritized  development  is  based  on  our  strengths, in-depth  capabilities,  and  core  value  of  the  business which is to invest in transport infrastructure, and build the "golden road that creates golden value". HHV has a  clear  orientation  that  it  will  focus  on  developing  its main  business  activities: (1) Investment  in traffic infrastructure projects; (2) General contractor of consultancy, project management, construction, and installation; (3) Management, operation, and exploitation of tunnels and highways; and (4) Expanding investment activities, real estate development and services associated with highways. In  line  with  the  Government's  goal  of  completing  an additional  5,000  km  of  expressways in  2021-2030, we  have  also  prepared  appropriate  short,  medium, and  long-term  plans.  In  the  short  term,  HHV  will promote construction and installation activities, and  manage  and  operate  infrastructure  projects  to improve  resources.  We  will  continue  researching  and implementing infrastructure projects in the form of PPP in the medium and long term, ensuring a long-term and stable source of work and, in turn, increasing business value.  Deploying  the  investment  capital  arrangement model for PPP projects according to the "3 P's" model includes going hand in hand with localities, proposing the  central  government  budget  to  participate  in  the project (P1), being independent in terms of capital while optimizing  production  and  business  activities  (P2), mobilizing  investment  capital  via  the  stock  market, bond  issuance,  business  cooperation  contract  (BCC), domestic and foreign credit (P3).  HHV  is  determined to maintain the position of " leading domestic transport infrastructure investor with international vision '. With the mindset of ' Think different; make a difference ", HHV is building a corporate culture based on operating tools such as " Concentration - Orientation Quantification " associated with the motto of " Managing people - Managing work - Managing profits ". Starting with a day-to-day calculation, HHV aims to create " real value " from specific projects and only " adds real value " from management optimization, cost reduction, public criticism, inadequate policies tackling, human resources planning, and  investment  for the future following the model of "a flock of birds overcoming the storm". With the available potential and strengths, the management and employees of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure  Investment  JSC.  always  seek,  strive, and are determined to fulfill their commitment promptly when  it  comes  to works, projects, and missions for a safe Vietnam and the life of its people. Sincerely thanks!

## On behalf of the Board of Directors Chairman

<!-- image -->

## VISION

TO BECOME THE LEADING TRANSPORT INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTOR, CONSTRUCTION AND INSTALLATION CONTRACTORS, AND MANAGEMENT AND OPERATION CONTRACTOR WITH AN INTERNATIONAL VISION.

## MISSION

FOR A SAFE LIFE FOR THE PEOPLE AND THE COUNTRY OF VIETNAM.

<!-- image -->

Striving to overcome  all difficulties  and  challenges to achieve the goal.

Getting up with a stronger will  every  time  we  fall  to reach the finish line.

## 1.3. HIGHLIGHTS AND TYPICAL AWARDS

<!-- image -->

## 1. The groundbreaking ceremony of Quang Ngai - Hoai Nhon Expressway project

## Attending representatives:

Mr. Pham Minh Chinh-Prime Minister; Government delegation;

Mrs.  Bui  Thi  Quynh  Van-Secretary  of  Quang  Ngai Provincial Party Committee;

Mr. Dang Van Minh-Chairman of Quang Ngai Provincial People's Committee;

Mr.  Ho  Quoc  Dung-Secretary  of  Binh  Dinh  Provincial Party Committee;

## The project scale

Quang Ngai-Hoai Nhon Expressway Project has a total construction investment of VND 20,470 billion with a total length of 88 km (Quang Ngai 60.3 km, Binh Dinh 27.7  km).  The  starting  point  of  the  project  connects with Km127+720 of Da Nang - Quang Ngai highway (in Nghia Ky commune, Tu Nghia district) and the ending point intersects with Provincial Road 629, in Bong Son ward, Hoai Nhon town, Binh Dinh province. The project passes through the following districts: Tu Nghia, Nghia Hanh, Mo Duc, Duc Pho town, Quang Ngai Province, and Hoai Nhon town, Binh Dinh province.

The project is divided into 3 bidding packages: The  first  bidding  package  of  the  project  is  the  VND 3,862-billion-package  XL1  with  a  length  of  30  km and  a  construction  period  of  34  months.  The  road is  a  first  grade  with  31  bridge works (4 second-grade bridges,  20  third-grade  bridges,  and  7  fourth-grade bridges). The contractors appointed to execute package  XL1  are  a  joint  venture  of  Deo  Ca  Group, JSC. Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC . (HHV)  -  Dacinco  Construction  Investment  Co.,  Ltd.

Package XL2 with a value of VND 4,130 billion, and a length of 27.2 km, was constructed by the joint venture of Deo Ca Group JSC. Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment  JSC.  (HHV) -  Deo  Ca  Construction  JSC.

Package XL3 with a value of VND 6,689 billion and a length of 30.8km, constructed by Deo Ca Group JSC Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC (HHV) -Deo Ca Construction JSC -Truong Long JSC.

<!-- image -->

## 2. The groundbreaking ceremony of Binh Dinh Province Coastal Road project

## Attending representatives

Mr. Nguyen Trong Nghia - Secretary of the Party Central Committee;

Mr. Ho Quoc Dung - Secretary of Binh Dinh Provincial Party Committee;

Mr. Nguyen Phi Long - Chairman of Binh Dinh Provincial People's Committee.

## Project scale

The starting point of the coastal road project is at the intersection  between  the  backbone  road  of  the  Nhon Hoi  economic  zone  and  the  road  connecting  to  the spiritual area of   Linh Phong pagoda in Cat Tien town, Phu  Cat  district.  The  ending  point  is  adjacent  to  the Dien Bien Phu road project extending to Diem Van urban area,  in  Phuoc  Thuan  commune,  Tuy  Phuoc  district.

The project has a total investment of more than VND 2,674  billion.  This  is  a  group  A  road  traffic  project, of which the central  government  budget  is  VND 1,800  billion  while  the  rest  is  from  the  local  budget. The expected construction period is 32 months.

Cat Tien-Diem Van Road is designed according to the standard of grade III delta road with a design speed of 80 km/h. The roadbed is 20.5 m wide, the asphalt road surface is 17.5 m wide with 2 lanes for motor vehicles and 2 mixed lanes. The median strip is 2 m wide and the curb is 1 m wide. The length of the road is 13.6 km, passing through Cat Tien town, Cat Chanh commune of Phu Cat district, and Phuoc Thang, Phuoc Hoa, Phuoc Son, and Phuoc Thuan communes of Tuy Phuoc district.

<!-- image -->

## 3. The groundbreaking ceremony of Prenn Pass project, Lam Dong province

## Attending representatives

Mr.  Tran  Duc  Quan-Member  of  the  Central  Party Committee, Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee, Chairman of the Provincial People's Council;

Mr.  Tran  Dinh  Van-Standing  Deputy  Secretary  of  the Provincial  Party  Committee,  Head  of  the  National Assembly Delegation of Lam VND Province;

Mr. Tran Van Hiep-Deputy Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee, Chairman of the Provincial People's Committee;

Comrades in the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee and the Provincial Vietnamese Fatherland Front.

## Project scale

The investment project to upgrade and expand Prenn Pass in Da Lat city has a total investment value of VND 600 billion from the local budget. With a total length of 7.4km,  4 lanes, 15.5m wide roadbed, and 14.5m wide road  surface  (including  reinforced  curbs).  Along  the route, there is a redesigned viaduct at Km224+854, 4 car stops, and 2 lookout yards.

<!-- image -->

In the past, all the construction of large-scale tunnel works such as the Hai Van 1 tunnel required the  help  of  foreign  enterprises.  However,  Hai  Van  2  which  just  inaugurated  on  January  11, 2021 has affirmed the position and wisdom of local scientists in mastering technology, design, construction,  and  operation  of  traffic  works  in  general,  bridges  and  tunnels  in  particular,  on  the basis of approaching and applying the achievements of the modern science and technology of the  world.  This  is  the  longest  tunnel  in  Southeast  Asia  connecting  Thua  Thien  Hue  province and  Da  Nang  province,  built  entirely  with  Vietnamese  technology  by  Vietnamese  workers.

The operation of Hai Van 2 tunnel has made an important contribution to relieving Hai Van 1 tunnel and removing bottlenecks on the national arterial road; at the same time promoting socio-economic development,  ensuring  security  and  defense  of  the  central  key  economic  region.Therefore,  the People's Committee of Thua Thien Hue province highly appreciated the achievements and directed the reward for HHV.

Certificate of Merit from the Chairman of Thua Thien Hue People's Committee in the construction and expansion of Hai Van Tunnel Project.

<!-- image -->

OVERVIEW

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Certificate of Merit from the Minister of Transport for recognition of achievements in the emulation movement "Spring of Year of the Tiger on traffic sites".

2022  was  an  important  year,  creating  a  foundation  and  motivation  for  the  whole  transport construction  and  investment  industry  to  focus,  implement  and  complete  traffic  infrastructure projects,  especially  key  projects,  on  time,  contributing  to  the  successful  implementation  of the country's socio-economic development goals. Facing the complicated development of the Covid-19 epidemic that adversely affects the implementation of many transport infrastructure projects;  to  motivate  and  encourage  all  cadres,  civil  servants,  public  employees,  workers, investors, project management boards, supervision consultants, contractors.. to save time and effort to overcome difficulties, striving to complete projects according to schedule, the Ministry of  Transport  launched  the  emulation  movement  "Spring  of  Year  of  the  Tiger  on  traffic  sites".

The emulation movement was deployed on all important national project sites of the Ministry of Transport, ensuring practicality, efficiency, and proper implementation of policies for individuals participating in the movement. The period of the emulation movement was from January 23rd, 2022 to the end of February 28th, 2022; The summarizing and rewarding ceremony was right after the end of the movement. HHV has directly participated in the construction of many key projects and attained many outstanding achievements, contributing to the overall success of the emulation movement.

<!-- image -->

After the completion and operation of Hai Van Tunnel 1 and 2, the operation and management unit of HHV has deployed to operate the tunnel and the route safely and effectively, ensuring safe traffic flow between Thua Thien Hue province and Da Nang City. To recognize the well-de -served achievements, the People's Committee of Thua Thien Hue Province issued a certificate of merit to encourage the staff of the company.

Certificate of Merit from the Chairman of Thua Thien Hue Provincial Peo -ple's Committee in the management and operation of the Hai Van Tunnel Project in 2022.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Certificate of Merit from the Director of Da Nang City Police Department for building the movement to protect national security in 2022.

After the completion and operation of Hai Van Tunnels 1 and 2, the security and public order in the territory of the two provinces have also become more complicated. In particular, theft and drug injection started to take place more frequently. In light of the situation, HHV established numerous security groups in the areAs at Da Nang City and Thua Thien Hue province and issued documents to the local police to maintain local order and security together. In the process of cooperating with the authorities, HHV helped to arrest many subjects and eliminate many places of social evils injection. To commend the valuable achievements of HHV, the Director of Da Nang City Police Department decided to reward the Company with a certificate of merit.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

After the completion and operation of Hai Van Tunnel 1 and 2, the operation and management unit of HHV operated the tunnel and the route safely and efficiently, ensuring the circulation of inter-connected traffic between Thua Thien Hue province and Da Nang City. In recognition of these achievements, the People's Committee of Da Nang City issued a certificate of merit to encourage and motivate the staff of the company.

<!-- image -->

Certificate of Merit from the Chairman of Da Nang City People's Commit -tee in the safe management and operation of the Hai Van tunnel in 2021 and 2022.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 1.4. KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPIS)

## Revenue increased by 5 times in 5 year

2018-2022 Net Revenue  (Billion VND)

<!-- image -->

2018 - 2022 Profit after tax (Billion VND)

<!-- image -->

2018 - 2022 Owner's Equity (Billion VND)

<!-- image -->

2022 was a particularly difficult year for the economy in general and the construction industry in particular. In  the  first  half  of  the  year,  construction  enterprises faced  a  steep  rise  of  construction  material  prices  in which the prices of cement, iron and steel... increased simultaneously,  causing  construction  projects  to  be severely  affected.  In  the  second  half  of  the  year,  the corporate  bond  market  was  negatively  affected  due to  the  impaired  confidence  of  investors  caused  by Tan Hoang Minh and Van Thinh Phat Group scandals. The bottleneck in the bond market elevated the capital pressure to many real estate investors and businesses. However,  thanks  to  the  immediate  instructions  and increased supervision of the Board of Directors, HHV has  overcome  the  aforementioned  difficulties  and achieved certain achievements. Specifically, HHV still maintained excellent management, operation and regular  maintenance  of  tunnels,  conducted  stable toll  collection  at  15  stations  as  well  as  implemented undisrupted  construction  activities  at  projects  site. In  terms  of  business  results,  the  2022  consolidated net  revenue  of  HHV  reached  VND  2.094,58  billion, increasing by 12.53% year over year (YoY) and achieving  83.25%  of  the  proposed  plan.  Although HHV  has  proactively  implemented  countermeasures, the  increased  price  of  construction  materials  still disminish the gross profit margin of the Company by 1.16  percentage  points  to  48,53%  in  2022.  Financial expenses  increased  by  17.58%  YoY,  as  the  lending rates  at  banks  simultaneously  increased.  Thanks  to the  competent  control  of  business  administration costs  and  other  expenses,  the  company's  net  profit margin is only slightly affected. By the end of 2022, the Company's consolidated profit after tax reached VND 297 billion, corresponding to the growth rate of 2.33% YoY and 75.10% of the profit proposed plan.

<!-- image -->

| ROE  8.33%  ROA  0.83%   |
|--------------------------|

2018 - 2022 Total assets (Billion VND)

<!-- image -->

## PART II - DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY

<!-- image -->

2022 ANNUAL REPORT

23

## 2.1. ABOUT DEO CA TRAFFIC INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT JSC.

<!-- image -->

Company name

DEO CA TRAFFIC INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT JSC.

Business registration certifi-

cate

0400101965, issued by the Department of Planning and Investment of Da Nang city on June 24, 2010, registered for the 31st change on March 24, 2023

English name

DEO CA TRAFFIC INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT JSC.

Company logo

Headquarters

Km11 + 500 routes leading to the south of Hai Van tunnel, Hoa Hiep Bac ward, Lien Chieu district, Da Nang city

Phone

(0236) 3730 574

Fax

(0236) 3842 713

Email

info@hhv.com.vn

Website

http://hhv.com.vn/

Ticker

HHV

Charter capital

3,078,044,500,000 VND

(In words: Three thousand and seventy-eight billion, forty-four mil - lion and five hundred thousand VND)

Number of outstanding shares

307,804,450 shares

Legal representative

Mr. Nguyen Quang Huy - General Director

DEOCA

INFRASTRUCTURE

Mr. Nguyen Quang Huy - Chief Executive Officer

2,095

Revenue (billion VND)

1,285

Employees

<!-- image -->

297

Profit after tax (billion VND)

35,653

Total assets (billion VND)

<!-- image -->

07

Branches

02

Representative offices

<!-- image -->

## 2.2. HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT

1974: The predecessor of the Company was Thong Nhat Workshop under the  Construction  Board  67  according to  Decision  No.  574/QD  -  TC  dated May  10,  1974.  In  1975,  the  company name  was  changed  to  Thong  Nhat Automobile  Overhaul  Factory  at  the Cup bridge, Quang Binh Province with the main task is to overhaul and repair damaged  and  degraded  cars  during the war.

2009: After  many  changes  of  name, head  office  address,  business  type, management structure, and operation model, the Workshop became a stateowned enterprise with the name: Hai  Van  Tunnels  Management  and Operation One Member Co., Ltd.

<!-- image -->

## 2014 - 2015

2014: Implementing the plan to securitize  state-owned enterprises according  to  Decision  No.  3079/QD-BGTVT dated October 4, 2013 of the Ministry of Transport, Hai Van Tunnel Management and Operation One Member Co., Ltd.  transformed  into  Hai  Van  Tunnel Management and Operation JSC. with the main function of managing, operating and regularly maintaining Hai Van tunnel - the longest tunnel in Southeast Asia.

2015: Hai  Van  Tunnel  Management and  Operation  JSC.  officially  became a public company according to Official Letter  No.  1516/UBCK-QLPH  dated April  2,  2015  by  the  SSC.  After  that, the  Company's  shares  were  approved for  first  registration  on  UPCoM  on November 24, 2015 with ticker symbol HHV.  December  18,  2015  is  the  first trading day of HHV on UPCoM.

<!-- image -->

## 2019 - 2021

<!-- image -->

2019: Hai Van Tunnel Management and Operation  JSC.  officially  changed  its name to Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC according to the decision of the AGM on July 26, 2019. At  the  same  time,  the  AGM  approved the  policy  of  investing  in  transport infrastructure project enterprises.

2020: After  many  shares  issance  to increase capital, the total charter capital  of  the  Company  reached  VND 2,673,840.9 million.

2021: Overcoming difficulties and challenges  of  the  Covid-19  pandemic and the general difficult situation of the economy,  the  Company's  production and business activities achieved many positive results. HHV  shares were approved  for  listing  on  HSX.  January 20, 2022 is the first official trading day of HHV shares on HoSE.

<!-- image -->

## 2022 - Now

2022: After the conducting share offerings to existing shareholders, the  charter  capital  increased  to  VND 3,078,044,500,000.

Now: The company is operating in a parent-subsidiary model with 03 Subsidiaries and 03 Affiliates. With many years of experience in the field of investment and construction,  management,  operation and maintenance of the transport infrastructures,  the  Company  is  the main  contractor of many  transport infrastructure projects with large capital scale and national importance, of  which  are  the  tunnel  projects  via Ca  Deo,  Hai  Van,  Phuoc  Tuong  -  Phu Gia tunnel, Bac  Giang  -  Lang  Son expressway,  Trung  Luong  -  My  Thuan expressway, section of National Highway  1A  via  Khanh  Hoa  province, etc.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 2.3. BUSINESS LINE

The company has registered a total of 86 business  line  across  many  different  operating  fields;  in which, the main business lines, accounting for the majority of the total revenue of the Company are:

## 1. Investment activities in transport infrastructure projects

In 2019, HHV's General Meeting of Shareholders approved the policy of investing in BOT road transport infrastructure projects. At present, HHV is the direct investor of many projects across the country, including: (1) Tunnel project via Deo Ca, including: Deo Ca tunnel and Co Ma tunnel, Cu Mong tunnel, Hai Van tunnel; (2) Bac Giang - Lang Son Expressway; (3) Phuoc Tuong and Phu Gia tunnels; (4) Investment in construction and expansion of National Highway 1, section via Khanh Hoa province. All  projects  have  been  put  into  operation  with  toll  revenue  in  2022 reaching nearly VND 1,800 billion.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 2. Construction of transport infrastructure projects

-  Implementing  the  construction  and  installation  of  various  traffic construction  projects  in  the  form  of  PPP:  Hai  Van  2  tunnel,  Phuoc Tuong - Phu Gia tunnel, Trung Luong - My Thuan expressway, Cam Lo - La Son expressway, Cam Lam - Vinh Hao expressway project, etc.
-  Implementing the construction and installation of public investment packages:  Upgrading  and  expanding  Prenn  pass;  Quang  Ngai  -  Hoai Nhon expressway, North - South expressway packages, etc.
- HHV has numerous experience and capacity in constructing transport infrastructure  projects  and  obtained  the  construction  certificates  of Grade III for Bridges, Grade II for Tunnels, and Grade I for Roads.

## 3.  The  leading  operation,  management  and  regular  maintenance  of traffic infrastructure in Vietnam

Currently, HHV is a leading unit in the field of operation, management and regular maintenance of traffic infrastructure project. Specifically, HHV  has  managed  and  operated  safely  and  soundly  for  more  than 25km of tunnels, more than 275km of highways and national highways, together with the management of 15 toll stations.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 4. Other activities

Besides the main activities, the Company also operates in:

- Providing transit services for people and vehicles through the tunnel, specifically:  transporting  vehicles  as  well  as  driver  and  pedestrians through Hai Van tunnel by special-use vehicles;
- Leasing real estate, i.e. apartments;
-  Processing  and  manufacturing  a  number  of  mechanical  products such as bridge railings, soft guardrails, signs and other products;
-  Conducting  other  commercial  activities  (lease  of  equipment  and machinery, supply of bottled drinking water, ..)

## BUSINESS AREA

<!-- image -->

2022 ANNUAL REPORT

29

DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY

## BUSINESS MODELS, ASSESSMENT OF INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL FACTORS

<!-- image -->

## BUSINESS MODEL

HHV's management team is always proactive in forecasting and analyzing changes in the business environment to understand the factors that are creating opportunities or risks for the Company. The business model above describes a systematic research process to make cross-cutting strategic decisions for HHV's business over a five-year period (2021-2025).

Firstly, the identification of internal and external factors is extremely important to assess the growth dynamics for HHV. This is the foundation to help the mangament make appropriate decisions related to distributing or focusing resources on developing key factors to promote the development of HHV in the future. During the production and operation process , the method to use inputs effectively is a decisive factor in creating value, including: Economic value

(solid growth in revenue and profit, dividends for shareholders); Value added for clients (superior construction prod -ucts and services); Material and spiritual values for employees (welfare, working environment, income,..); Benefits for other stakeholders (society, environment,..).

For HHV, we determine the factors affecting the operation of the business including internal factors (financial resourc -es, human resources, Deo Ca brand, experience in research and development of transport infrastructure projects, etc.) has been built and consolidated over the past 50 years, along with taking advantage of external factors such as politics, economy, society, technology, towards the goal of strong and sustainable growth of HHV in the future. Parts 2 and 3 below is a detailed assessment of the factors driving HHV's growth at the time this report being released.

## INTERNAL ASSESSMENT

04 main internal factors creating the driving force for HHV's growth include :

<!-- image -->

HHV  advocates  diversifying  the  capital  structure  to  implement  transport infrastructure projects in the form of PPP , at the same time successfully applied the  3P    model,  which  in  turn  increases  the  project  efficiency  and  reduces investment risk. Being listed on the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange (HOSE), HHV has many opportunity to approach and raise fund from the public capital through many forms such as raising equity, issuing bonds, raising fund from cooperating with business partners, etc.

The Company build the workforce with high professional competence, high sense of responsibility, progressive, innovative and creative thinking. All members in the company is "tempered and honed" by the 7T culture: Sincerity - Devotion - Intellect - Confidence - Faithfulness - Pride - Gratefulness. These factors always associated and intermingled flexibly with each other in each activity, orientation and daily behavior and communication of each employee with work, partners,  and  clients.  Determining  the  human  factor  is  the  important  factor in  the  successful implementation of the development strategy, the Company always  focuses  on  training  human  resources,  collaborating  with  universities across the country to screen and recruit young workers with high quality. HHV also organize training courses regularly to improve personnel skills.

HHV  is  proud  to  be  a  member  of  Deo  Ca  Group  ecosystem  who  has  a sustainable development ground based on the brand position of the Group. For decades, "Deo Ca" brand has built a great reputation through successful rescue and implementation of difficult projects that are capital intensive and highly technical. To commemorate the key transportation infrastructure of the country in  the  reform  period,  it  is  impossible  not  to  mention  the  Deo  Ca  brand  with position of a leader in the industry. Each project completed by Deo Ca affirms the dedication and quality that has been our top priority. Being an inseparable from the general orientation, Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC is also an extremely important piece in the Group's journey to create a great brand.

Currently, HHV is accompanying Deo Ca Group and other prestigious partners to  promote the research and investment in large projects that are being put into early operation such as: Huu Nghi - Chi Lang Expressway, Dong Dang - Tra Linh Expressway, Tan Phu - Bao Loc Expressway, Metroline project, high-speed railway, real estate project, highway rest stops, … The implementation of these projects in the near future will be the premise for the continuous development of the Company in the coming period. Every project contributes to the creation of  abundant  workload  and  seamlessly  operation  that  will  further  enhance the corporate value, diversify the business activities and create jobs for local people. At the same time, these projects create essential products to serve the public demand and promote the development of the economy - culture - society between regions. R&amp;D activities thus becomes a core activity that contributes to the creation and increment of value for the company.

## ASSESSMENT OF EXTERNAL FACTORS BY PEST ANALYSIS

Politics - Economy - Society and Technology are external factors that have a profound influence on HHV's business operations and strategic management decisions. PEST analysis is one of the tools applied by the Management to assess the importance of the external factors to the business activities of the enterprise in each period, thereby providing long-term strategic orientation. Along with the development of the country's economy, the PEST analysis below shows that the continued implementation of public investment projects in the period of 2023 - 2025 promises to bring long-term growth potential for the company.

## 1. Politics:

The  regions  across  Vietnam  territory  is  still  HHV's main market, so that the company has many political advantages in conducting business activities because the public investment is being facilitated by the Vietnam government. Being one of the most important factors contributing  to  the  aggregate  demand  in  the  recent years, the government has been giving drastic direction to the relevant ministry and divisions to give advice on promoting disbursement of public investment capital. Not only acting as a stimulus tool for economic growth and performing the fuction of the state's investment, public investment is also an important link contributing to stable regulation of macroeconomic indicators in a market-oriented  socialist  economy .  Therefore,  public investment  is  considered  a  regular  task  and  a  top priority of the government in the coming period. Currently,  the  biggest  limitation  is  the  disbursement progress  of  public  investment  capital.  The  statistical data  over  the  past  5  years  shows  the  disbursement ratio  only reached 73% in 2017, 66% in 2018, 67% in 2019,  82%  in  2020,  72%  in  2021  and  continued  to decline  to  67.27%  in  2022.  These  numbers  shows the  actual  disbursement  of  public  investment  was quite below the government's expectations. The main reason is that the investment plan did not follow the actual  implementation  and  the  site  clearance  faced many difficulties. Besides, the appraisal and approval procedures were complicated while the market price of the production factors in general and raw materials in particular still fluctuated greatly due to the repercussion of  the  COVID-19  pandemic….  To  tackle  the  above problem, many policies have been issued promptly and deployed drastically by the government. For example, the Resolution No. 39 of the Central Government that helps improve the efficiency of management, utilization and promotion of the economy's resources. The Law on  Public  Investment  and  detailed  implementation decree;  The  Decree  that  stipulates  the  order  and procedures for appraising national important projects, monitoring and evaluating investment; The Resolution of the Government on key assignments and solutions to  promote economic growth, disbursement of public investment  and  sustainable  exports  in  the  late  2021 and early 2022; …

Although  there  are  still  many  challenges,  with  the determination of the whole political system to promote public investment and disbursement of public  investment  capital,  the  opportunities  for  HHV in  particular  and  the  public  investment  construction industry in general still has the potential for expansion.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 2. Economy

Vietnam's economy is forecasted to be strongly influenced by fluctuations of the world economy in the upcoming period, in which unfavorable factors include: the deceleration of the global economy, the impact of conflict between Russia and Ukraine, with the sign of high  inflation  in  major  economies  around  the  world causing a series of central banks to hike interest rates sharply.  Besides,  although  China  no  longer  maintains a  "zero  Covid"  policy,  the  full  recovery  of    the  trading activities between two countries still face many hindrance,…

However, HHV's management evaluates that the public investment in 2023 still has many rooms for growth for a number of reasons. First of all, many projects under the Economic-Society Recovery and Development Program has  been  under  development.  Until  recently,  these projects  have  fundamentally  finished  the  preliminary capital  allocation  while  many  others  have  completed the  procedures.  In  the  first  days  of  2023,  there  had been  12  component  projects  of  the  Phase-2  NorthSouth expressway being simultaneously commenced. At  this  time,  raw  material  prices  and  interest  rates have also begun to show signs of cooling down, thus, reducing the burden of input costs and financial costs of the infrastructure construction businesses. Besides, the  post-pandemic  period  opens  up  numerous  great opportunities to welcome the wave of FDI into Vietnam. With past records of controlling the COVID-19 epidemic effectively, maintaining stable production and business activities in the country, Vietnam has been considered as a safe, potential and attractive investment destination for the foreign investors who wish to diversify the global supply chains and production.

<!-- image -->

## 3. Society

With the Company's activities being closely associated with the infrastructure throughout Vietnam, each investment  project  of  HHV  has  ben  considered  to ensure  both  social  security  and  benefits  for  people's lives. With profound awareness that public investment is  a  government  tool  for  promotion  of  interregional society-economic  development,  HHV  always  focuses on bringing public investment to underdeveloped and disadvantaged areas with the purpose of closing the culture gap between regions.

Specifically, for each public investment project, a large amount of "prime capital" is injected into the locality, which in turn will awaken the great potential of social and  economic  development  in  each  of  those  areas. HHV  has  been  developing  transport  infrastructure, helping create efficient synchronous transport network, covering from urban to rural areas, creating favorable conditions for the transportation of goods and passengers. In addition, the implementation of projects in these localities also helps to reduce unemployment rate, solve the employment issue for many local people and contribute to GDP growth.

With these practical contributions, HHV is proud to be an enterprise whose sustainable development goal is inseparable from the common goal of the society as a whole. HHV always accompanies the country towards new  achievements  in  the  journey  to  develop  urban areas,  builds  new  rural  areas  and  ensures  national security and defense.

With profound awareness that public  investment  is  a  government tool  for  promotion  of  interregional society -economic development, HHV  always focuses on bringing public investment to underdeveloped and  disadvantaged  areas  with  the purpose  of  closing  the  culture  gap between regions

## 4. Technology

Vietnam  is    a  developing  country  whose  technology background  is still in behind compared  to  most developed countries. Therefore, most local enterprises -  including  HHV  -  are  still  facing  many  difficulties in terms of operation  and  management  process, expenses, human resources and business performance optimization.

Following  the  global  general  trend,  the  Party  and Government  is  spending  great  care  about  promoting digital transformation in Vietnam. Resolution No. 52-NQ/TW  of  the  Politburo emphasized  the urgent requirementneed to accelerate the digital transformation  process.  With  the  rapid  development of  the  4.0  industrial  revolution,  in  order  to  build  a smart  infrastructure  system  and  a  smart  nation,  it  is impossible  not  to  apply  the  digital  technology  in  the field of transportation infrastructure development .

In  line  with  the  strategic  direction  of  applying  technology to improve the Group's business performance, Deo Ca's management  had  signed  a  cooperation  agreement with  the  Construction  Consultant  A2Z,  JSC.  (A2Z) and  Marine  engineering  &amp;  design  consultancy,  JSC. (Portcoast)  on  the  application  of  digital  technology in surveying, designing and managing transport infrastructure  projects .  This  technology  is  expected to help improve productivity, minimize the negativities, and  standardize  measurement,  topographic  control, construction quality management, etc. This is considered a new step for the Company in absorbing technological  achievements  into  the  research  and development activities.

<!-- image -->

## 2.5. S.W.O.T. ANALYSIS

S1 -  Brand  reputation: HHV is a member of Deo Ca Group ecosystem. Over 35 years of establishment and development,  "Deo  Ca"  is  currently  the  leading  brand  in  the  field  of  investment,  construction  and  project management of transport infrastructure  in  Vietnam.  During  the  implementation  and  completion  of  complex projects, the Management has applied the theories and practices creatively, implementing a distinguish business model and applying intelligent management tools such as: The doctrine of Three, a Day-to-day Calculation, Story of Three, .. to create Deo Ca brand with the slogan 'Think different; make a difference".

S2 - Outstanding construction and project management capability: HHV is a leading organization in the field of operation, management and regular maintenance of traffic infrastructure. Specifically, HHV is managing and operating safely and soundly more than 25km of tunnels, 275km of highways and national highways, along with 15 toll stations. In 2022, HHV took over the management of Mui Trau tunnel on La Son Tuy Loan expressway and more than 51km of Trung Luong - My Thuan expressway; thereby, affirming its professional strength in the field of management and operation of transport infrastructure, especially projects with high technical requirements such as tunnels and highways. WEAKNESS                         OPPORTUNITY                                    RISK                              STRENGTH

S3 - Bidding strengths based on experience: HHV has a wealth of experience and proven capability through the completion of many key projects, ranging from tunnels, highways, bridges, ... Therefore, it has a great advantage against other bidders when bidding for new infrastructure project.

T1 - Economic risks: Since the outbreak of the Covid-19 epidemic, the world has faced many challenges. Unprecedent risks appear more frequently, leading to the quick changes of many developed countries' policy. Tightened fiscal and monetary policies to curb inflation have affected the recovery and economic growth of many economies. Some have begun to show signs of recession.. Vietnam is an open economy with a great degree of connectivity with the world and, therefore, heavily affected by the above risks. The construction industry in general and HHV in particular, which has a close relationship with the growth cycle of the economy, is not an exception to this impact.

W1 - Long payback period: The scale of transport infrastructure investment projects are substantial with payback period that can last up to 20-25 years. Cash flow from toll collection in the early years of the project is not abundant.

W2 - Limited competitive advantage in tunnel construction: Despite its strength in road construction, HHV still does not have much experience in tunnel construction, as this is still the dominant segment of the parent company, Deo Ca Group. HHV is actively participating in new bidding packages and accumulating experience to develop this field more in the future.

-

O1  -  The  increasing  capital  poured  into  public  investment:  The

National Assembly has approved the 2023 public investment plan with a total capital of VND 700,000 billion, an increase of about 25% (about 140,000 billion VND) compared to the 2022 plan and an increase of 260,000 billion VND compared to the 2021 plan (the first year of the 2021-2025 medium-term public investment plan). In 2023, the total capital of the Socio-economic Recovery and Development Program is required to disbursed entirely.

<!-- image -->

T2 -  Interest  rate  risk: In  the  past  year,  market  interest  rate  fluctuated  constantly  with  many  policies being issued such as: tightened monetary policy, interest rates ceiling, etc. With the common traits of the construction industry that debt accounts for a high proportion of total assets, the pressure to pay back interest every year is relatively substantial.  Specifically, interest expense in the past 3 years has fluctuated around VND 450 - 650 billion, equivalent to 30% of the consolidated revenue. Interest rates have increased sharply since the end of October 2022 which, in turns, increased debt repayment pressure on the cash flow of the company. The 2023 outloo is still not very optimistic when even though inflation shows signs of cooling down, but at a slower rate than expected; the interest rate level can continue to remain at a high level for the whole year of 2023 while Global growth is gradually declining.

T3 - Industry-specific risks: Infrastructure investment typically requires large amount of capital and is dependent on the ability to raise capital from different sources. The total investment can be amount to tens of trillions. Therefore, businesses in the industry need significant additional funding sources to finance these projects.

-O2 -  The Government prioritizes the public investment roadmap expansion: Traffic  infrastructure is  one  of  the  key  points  of  the  public  investment  plan  for  2023  as  well  as  for  the  whole  period  of 2021 - 2025. The capital allocation for transport infrastructure development will continue to be prioritized (expected to be 52% of total investment capital from the central budget). Recently, the Ministry of Transport has issued a document requesting a number of localities to speed up site clearance for component projects the 2021-2025 North-South Expressway in the East.

The enormous capital poured into public investment projects bring about opportunities for public investment businesses, which is expected to create spillover effects to many other industries such as construction and real estate. Thereby, it is considered as the main driving force for the economy.

With these positive signals, investment in transport infrastructure is still considered a trend in Vietnam. Both the essential needs and the Government's orientation show that transport infrastructure development is necessary for the development of economy.

<!-- image -->

## SOLUTIONS TO ENHANCE HHV'S POSITION IN 2021-2025

The  immediate  priority  of  the  Management  is  to continue to promote the company's strengths, overcome weaknesses and take advantage of opportunities to overcome the common challenges of  the  economy  as  well  as  specific  difficulties  of the industry. By maintaining periodic SWOT analysis and  ensuring  the  objectivity  of  information,  the Management has a solid foundation for setting new goals and devise practical solutions to enhance its position. This is also one of the goals in development strategy for the period 2021-2025 and vision to 2030.

Specific  solutions  in  the  coming  period  are  as follows:

[S2  +  S3] Promote  the  exclusive  strength  in management and operation of tunnel projects and the leading position in the field of investment and construction of transport infrastructure in Vietnam: Being  aware  of  its  own  strengths,  HHV's development strategy is conformed in line with the Government's  orientation  to  develop  the  country's transport  infrastructure  with  a  system  of  5,000  km of  North-South expressway and 1,545 km of NorthSouth railway.

[S2  +  S3  -  W2] Based  on  internal  strengths to  overcome  weaknesses  in  tunnel  construction: With  extensive  experience  in  bidding  as  well  as management and construction of the road projects, HHV will continue to receive technology transfer from the parent company, and at the same time, participate in tunnel projects to accumulate  experience to improve construction capability and aim towards the implementation of larger and more complex projects in the future.

[S1 + O1 - T1] Capitalizing on opportunities to attract new capital and overcome the difficult period of  the  economy  thanks  to  the  existing  reputation: HHV  will continue to improve its construction capacity  as  well  as  build  good  relationships  with local  people  and  management  agencies  at  where HHV  is  implementing  projects.  This  will  help  HHV increase the probability of winning public investment projects  that  the  government  is  planning,  creating jobs for employees, and bringing more value to the community and its shareholders...

[O1  -  T2] Seizing  business  opportunities  in the  public  investment  segment: The  operational efficiency of the company  has  been  proven  in the  past  year  and  opportunities  opened  up  by  the Government at this stage shows that HHV has great potential  if  continuing  to  operate  in  the  transport infrastructure industry. Specifically, in 2022, the consolidated financial data shows that the Company still  demonstrates  outstanding  performance  with consolidated revenue in 2022 growing 12.5% YoY and profit after tax reached nearly VND 300 billion, up by 2.5% YoY.

[S3  -  T3] Applying  management  experience to avoid long-term financial risks: Facing the immediate  risks,  HHV  has  deployed  appropriate policies  and  tools  to  control  the  input  cost  and improve  the  business  operations  efficiency.  Also, the  Company  always  allocates  capital  proactively and  makes  detailed  plans  before  participating  in investment projects to limit financial risks. For future projects, the Company will actively seek funding from credit institutions, conduct research on the economic conditions, and the legal framework thoroughly before  making  an  investment  decision.  In  addition, the Company also applied many measures in parallel to minimize financial risks such as seeking support on interest rates, debt restructuring and other support policies  from  banks  and  other  financial  institutions locally and abroad.

[O2 -  T2] Benefiting  from  the  government policy to minimize interest rate and bad debt risks: Currently,  with  the  projects  that  has  put  into  fee collection, the Company will adjust the fee collection time in the event of inflation, hihg interest rates,... to ensure the ability to recover the allocated capital (this is  a  condition  specified  in  the  BOT  contract  signed with the authorized state agency).

## 2.6. CONNECTING WITH KEY STAKEHOLDERS

HHV  identifies stakeholders  as valued partners. Feedback from these partners is an extremely important  source  of  information  for  us  to  continue to  develop  and  strengthen  the  business.  HHV's principle is to build and develop relationships based on the mututal and sustainable benefits between the parties. The relationship between stakeholders with HHV is  based  on  trust,  transparency  and  ethics  as well as corporate culture.

During the past year, HHV continued to engage with key stakeholders by listening to their opinions on the business's operations on all three aspects: economic, social and environmental. Through many exchanges and communications, HHV has drawn a list of issues of  concern  to  each  party  and  highly  appreciates the importance of these issues for the operation of the  Company.  By  assessing  the  importance  of  our stakeholders  and  their  issues  with  HHV,  we  make investments and allocate resources appropriately to best meet stakeholder expectations as well as ensure a clear and sustainable development roadmap for the business.

Accordingly,  HHV  identifies  6  crucial  groups  that have significant dependencies and interactions with the business, including company shareholders, employees, clients, local communities, suppliers and the authority. Understanding the content of interest of  these  target  groups  will  help  HHV  choose  the appropriate  approach  as  well  as  actions  that  HHV can take to create value for its stakeholders.

## a. Suppliers

The main activities of the Company are management, operation, maintenance and repair of transport infrastructure projects (tunnels, roads,…) and construction  and  installation.  The  main  inputs  are construction  materials  (cement,  sand,  gravel,  iron and  steel,  soil,  stone,...),  and  equipment  related  to the toll collection system, traffic safety system, fuel (gasoline,  oil),  electricity,  water,...  These  are  mainly provided  by  reputable  enterprises  such  as  Minh Lai  General  Company  Limited,  Saigon  ASPHALT Investment  JSC,  Tri  Nam  Group  JSC,  ICV  Vietnam Construction Investment JSC….

The  number  of  suppliers  of  construction  materials and machinery is large and diverse.

Prices  and  quality  are  extremely  competitive.  HHV

can  use  domestic  goods  or  import  from  different countries in the world depending on the demand. Low  cost  of  switching  suppliers:  Normally,  each project  will  be  divided  into  many  small  bidding packages, the contract period signed with the supplier is short, so there are not many obstacles if HHV wants to pick a new supplier with a better price. However,  in  2022,  under  the  direct  influence  of  the pandemic and the prolonged war between Russia and Ukraine, many countries around the world, including Vietnam,  are  facing  a  shortage  of  raw  materials due  to  supply  disruptions.  This  is  a  big  problem that construction businesses have been facing. Fortunately, large enterprises such as Deo Ca Group and  HHV,  with  a  large  set  of  suppliers,  have  many choices  and  bargaining  power  on  prices.  Before implementing  a  new  project,  HHV  will  contact  with suppliers  of  materials  to  specify  the  signing  terms on supply and mutual support and price stabilization.

## b. Shareholders

Each shareholder is an individual or entity that owns shares of HHV and is, therefore, the legal owner of the  company.  Shareholders  are  the  most  important stakeholders who have the rights to vote and decide on crucial activities of the Company as well as elect the  member  of  the  board  of  directors  to  enforce the  Decision.  According  to  the  list  of  shareholders on  closing  date  March  22,  2023,  HHV  had  more than  31,000  shareholders  in  which  Hai  Thach  BOT Investment  JSC  is  the  largest  shareholder,  holding 20.11% of voting shares of the Company

## c. Clients

-  The  main  clients  in  the  public  investment  and construction  projects  are  the  Government  and  the Ministry  of  Transport.  Due  to  the  characteristics of  the  industry,  the  level  of  client  concentration  is very high. However, the number of contractors who could  meet  the  requirements  of  the  State  and  the Ministry of Transport to participate in the bidding is relatively small. Especially with large-scale and highly technical packages such as those in the 2021-2025 North-South Expressway construction project in the East, contractors considered by the State must have potential,  reputation,  experience,  and  there  are  not many contractors who meet these criteria.

-  Clients  in  the  field  of  operation  management  BOT stations are the citizen, traffic participants  and users of infrastructure. For this segment, the client base will be numerous and diverse while there is no substitution  for  our  service,  the  need  to  move  and use  the  infrastructure  work  is  almost  mandatory. Parallel routes (national roads, passes, detours, etc.) are  usually  not  close  substitutes  due  to  the  high difference in quality and client experience.

## d. Employees

The role of the staff is very important for the survival and development of the Company. Employees' intelligence and creativity are considered intangible assets but they bring great value for HHV as these very resources will create competitiveness as well as business efficiency. The training and support to help maximize  their  potential  will  create  great  internal strength for HHV at the present and in the future.

<!-- image -->

## e. Local community

Not  only  focusing  on  project  implementation  and contributing to the  state  budget,  but  HHV  also promotes its role in social security activities, contributing  to  the  development  and  innovation  of local regions. Implementing social responsibility towards  the  local  community  will  support  HHV  to fulfill  its  mission  more effectively, towards the goal of sustainable economic development.

## f. The authorities

The cooperation with the authorities and the regulatory  bodies  will  help  ensure  the  legitimate rights and interests of HHV itself. As a listed company on the stock exchange, HHV needs to complies with regulations  and  is  under  the  management  of  the State  Securities  Commission,  Vietnam  Securities Depository  and  Ho  Chi  Minh  City  Stock  Exchange. The strict  implementation  and  compliance  with  the Enterprise Law, the Securities Law and other relevant legal documents are the solid foundation for HHV to build its business culture, ensure favorable business operations  and  create  a  premise  for  sustainable development.

## CONNECTING WITH THE STAKEHOLDERS

Input factors (A)

## How to use inputs to create value (B)

Sources of capital for project implementation:

- State budget
- Owner's Equity
- Borrowings and
- Other legal sources

Research and Development (R&amp;D)

Human resources

## Output factors (C)

National  key  infrastructure projects  such  as  chain  of tunnels  including  Deo  Ca -  Co  Ma  -  Cu  Mong  -  Hai Van, Bac Giang - Lang Son expressway,  Trung  Luong  My Thuan expressway, etc.

Revenuen and profit of the corporation

Proposing new projects

Transport infrastructure products (bridges, roads,...), real estate, logistics,...

Using  human  resources  to research and imple-ment projects Transport infrastructure products (bridges, roads,...), real estate, logistics,...

Using  capital to construct the  transport  infrastructure project in Vietnam

The beneficiaries (D)

Play  an  important  role  in the regional economic development of the country, increasing  social  se-curity, improving the quality of people's life which has extremely  important  socioeconomic meaning.

Bringing profits to HHV shareholders and inves-tors who  contributed  capital  to projects

Contributing to the development of the country's economy, improving people's living standards, solving employment  problems  for thousands of workers in the local  areas.

Bringing profits to shareholders of HHV.

Increasing income for employees.

Tackling employment issue for people in the areas  where  the  project  is implemented.

Creating high-quality transport infrastructure products for people, improving  living  standards and promoting socioeconomic development.

<!-- image -->

## EVALUATING THE INFLUENCE OF THE STAKEHOLDERS

<!-- image -->

The depence of stakeholders on HHV

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Local community

<!-- image -->

Suppliers

Shareholders

<!-- image -->

Employees

<!-- image -->

The authorities

<!-- image -->

Clients

<!-- image -->

## CONNECTING ACTIVITIES WITH THE STAKEHOLDERS

Shareholders

<!-- image -->

## CONCERNED MATTERS

Capital allocation efficiency

Accurate and transparent information for the investors

The quality of corporate governance

The stock and corporate value

Clients

<!-- image -->

## CONCERNED MATTERS

The reputation of the company

The construction and installation of the project that could meet the client's demand

The enhanced quality of the project and toll collection services

<!-- image -->

## APPROACHING METHODS

Annual general meeting of shareholders

Website

Analyst meeting

Holding meetings to interact and communicate with investors

<!-- image -->

## APPROACHING METHODS

Head quarters and representative offices being placed at major cities

24/7 hotline

Customer service on the website

HHV

<!-- image -->

## HHV'S RESPONSE

Seeking profitable investing channels to enhance the capital effi-ciency

Conducting transparent information publication and treating the shareholders equally

Completing the corporate governenance model. Deploying the risk management and operation monitoring system

HHV

<!-- image -->

## HHV'S RESPONSE

Promoting the reputation of HHV brand through rewards

Enhancing the quality of the staffs and workers

Investing in modern machinery and equipement

Employees

<!-- image -->

## CONCERNED MATTERS

Training and promoting opportunities

Outstanding welfare policy and increased benefits

Decent working environment that strengthen the staffs' loyalty

The staffs' contributions being recognized

The authorities

<!-- image -->

## CONCERNED MATTERS

Implementing the guidelines of the government

Fulfilling the duty with the state budget

Conducting appropriate measures against climate

change

<!-- image -->

## APPROACHING METHODS

Annual worker meeting

Worker Supporting programs

Training program

<!-- image -->

## APPROACHING METHODS

Participating  in  Meeting  held  by government and others regulatory bodies

Participating in organizations and associations such as Business Council for sustainable development; World Economic Forum; ...

HHV

<!-- image -->

## HHV'S RESPONSE

Building a team with high technicality

Conducting thematic training specifically for employees

Encourage and facilitate the particaption in community projects

HHV

<!-- image -->

## HHV'S RESPONSE

Complying to the agenda of the government such as the poverty alleviation program, 30A program, program to support fishermen, etc. fully and with deliberate attitude

Being the pioneer in implementing the major agenda of the State

## CONNECTING ACTIVITIES WITH THE STAKEHOLDERS

Local community

<!-- image -->

## CONCERNED MATTERS

Building infrastructure fo the commmunity

Providing the essential needs for the local residents

Investing in education and scholarship programs.

Suppliers

<!-- image -->

## CONCERNED MATTERS

Specific requests of the investment and construction projects

The responsibility of suppliers to the environment and society

<!-- image -->

## APPROACHING METHODS

Cooperating with the local authority to get in touch with the local community

<!-- image -->

## APPROACHING METHODS

Direct meetings to supplement the bidding policy and cooperation contract.

HHV

<!-- image -->

## HHV'S RESPONSE

Providing basic living conditions to the local community,

Investing in education through propaganda and raising people's awareness towards long-term benefits by enabling poor children to go to school

HHV

<!-- image -->

## HHV'S RESPONSE

Reviewing the working and environmental practices with 14/19 suppliers

Supplementing the social and environmental assessment in the investment procedures

Supplementing the social and environmental clauses in the contracts with major suppliers

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 2.7. THE 5-YEAR DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY

## OBJECTIVES AND STRATEGIC ORIENTATION FOR THE 5 YEAR PERIOD

During  the  2021-2025  period,  HHV  will  continue  to  focus  on  the  transport  infrastructure  industry  with  the development strategy as followed:

<!-- image -->

## Business plan

(Unit: Billion VND)

| No.  Items  2022A  2023E  2024E  2025E  1  Revenue  2,094.58  2,478.17  2,914.97  3,326.12  2  Expense  1,798.83  2,101.19  2,464.45  2,715.38  3  Profit after tax  297.41  338.58  447.79  609.64   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

+ Beside business performance, HHV  also  identifies sustainable development  goals  associated with environmental  protection  for  the  prosperous  future  of  the  country.  The  company  are  fully  aware  and  strictly organizes environmental protection at its offices, headquarters and project sites.. by: setting up rules on saving energy  and  resources  (electricity,  water,  gasoline,  etc.),  directing  the  strict  implementation  of  environmental protection measures at project sites (covering dust, reducing noise, ..)

+ The company also focuses on ensuring the lives of employees, building the goal of increasing periodic income for employees, and creating jobs for local workers.

+ Regarding community responsibility, HHV always directs the concern and responsibility of the company to the society by volunteering, supporting and encouraging people in difficult circumstances, etc.

## 2022 ACHIEVEMENTS:

## 1. Toll collection (operations of subsidiaries)

In  2021,  due  to  the  impact  of  the  Covid  pandemic, social distancing and travel restrictions were implemented, leading to a decrease in vehicle traffic  through  projects.  In  2022,  with  the  epidemic situation  under  control,  the  commercial  activities recovered  and  toll  collection  at  Trung  Luong  My Thuan expressway project was conducted from April 2022,  vehicle  traffic  through  projects/stations  toll collection recorded growth over the same period. The total flow of vehicle driving through toll booths were nearly 22 million vehicles, up 45% compared to 2021. Toll revenue in 2022 according to HHV's consolidated financial statements (including 03 projects: Deo Ca Co Ma - Cu Mong - Hai Van tunnel chain; Phuoc Tuong Phu  Gia  tunnels;  Bac  Giang  Lang  Son  expressway) recorded  at  VND  1,484  billion,  an  increase  of  VND 220  billion  (+17.36%  YoY).  Total  toll  revenue  of 04  projects  that  HHV  is  investing  in  (including  the BOT  project  on  National  Highway  1  through  Khanh Hoa  province)  in  2022  reached  VND  1,782  billion, increasing 17.43% YoY

## 2. Construction and installation activity

HHV's construction and installation revenue in 2022 grew strongly, mainly recorded in Cam Lam Vinh Hao Expressway projects, Binh Dinh coastal road project and  traffic  safety  system  construction  packages  in

Mai Son - National Highway 45 and My Thuan - Can Tho projects. In particular, the Company has actively participated  in  the  Mai  Son  -  National  Highway  45 project  to  rescue  the  delayed  work  items  at  the request of the Ministry of Transport.

In 2022  and  early 2023, the  Company  and  its consortium of contractors have signed many contracts of great value, ensuring a stable source of work for the period 2022 - 2025.

## 3. Regular operation and maintenance of tunnels and roads:

## a. Management and operation of tunnels, roads and toll stations:

The  Company  continue  to  perform  the  operation &amp;  management  (O&amp;M),  regular  maintenance,  toll station  management  for  the  projects  the  Company invests in, including: Hai Van, Deo Ca, Cu Mong, Co Ma, Phuoc Tuong - Phu Gia tunnels, Bac Giang - Lang Son expressway, National Highway 1 through Khanh Hoa province, Pass route and Hai Van tunnel, etc. In addition to the O&amp;M, regular maintenance and toll station management for projects that the Company has invested in for many years, in 2022, the Company has  signed  and  implemented  a  number  of  O&amp;M contracts of Mui Trau tunnel belongs to the La Son Tuy Loan and Trung Luong - My Thuan expressways

## The new construction and installation contracts

| No.  Bidding package name  Investor  Contract value  (billion VND)  Implementation  date  1  Package No. 2: Binh Dinh coastal road  project, Cat Tien Diem Van section  Binh Dinh Province Traffic Con-  struction Investment Project  Management Board  649  April 2022 - December  2024  2  Construction of traffic safety system,  asphalt pavement of Cam Lam - Vinh  Hao project  Cam Lam - Vinh Hao Expressway  JSC.  219  May 2022 - September  2023  4  Package XL1: Construction of Quang  Ngai - Hoai Nhon Expressway  Km0+000-Km30+000  Project Management Board 2  3,682  January 2023 -  October 2025  5  Package XL2: Quang Ngai - Hoai Nhon  Project Management Board 2  4,129  March 2023 -  December 2025  6  Package XL3: Quang Ngai -  Hoai Nhon  Project Management Board 2  6,686  March 2023 -  September 2026  7  Upgrade and expansion of Prenn pass  Lam Dong Traffic Project  Management Board  414  February 2023 -  December 2023  Total  15,780   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b. Periodic overhaul of tunnels and roads

Completion  of  the  preservation  and  settlement  of road surface overhaul on National Highway 1, Deo Ca Khanh Hoa and Phuoc Tuong - Phu Gia projects. In  October  2022,  storms  and  floods  affected  the structure  of  transport  infrastructure  in  the  Hai  Van tunnel area. HHV has organized an overhaul to ensure safe operation.

## 4. Other commercial  and  service provision activities:

## a. Transfer service through Hai Van tunnel::

In  2022,  the  transfer  of  motorbikes  through  Hai Van  tunnel  is  unaffected  by  the  Covid  pandemic. Therefore, the revenue increased by 106% compared to the same period in 2021.

## b. Other activities:

Mechanical  processing:  maintaining  stable  product delivery to meet the requirements of the projects.

Business  cooperation  activities  at  rest  station  with Petrolimex to coordinate and share profits.

Producing bottled water for internal systems, leasing machinery  and  equipment,  building  an  executive office,  etc.,  to  promote  maximum  existing  capacity and maintaining stability.

## 2022 RESTRAINTS

The  business  performance  in  2022  did  not  meet the  target  due  to  the  unfavorable  macroeconomic situation: public investment projects are implemented slower than expected due to the Government's policy; scarcity and high price of raw materials, fuel (electricity,  gasoline,  oil..)  and  price  compensation/ price adjustment has not been timely implemented by investors, bank interest rates continued to increase and out of credit supply leading to input costs and financial costs increase,…

In addition, the negative performance of stock market has caused a loss of confidence of investors. Fundraising  was  delayed  compared  to  the  original plan  and  success  rate  was  lower  than  originally expected.  As  a  result,  the  Company's  investment plans  could  not  be  implemented  fully  and  on  time, leading  to  undesirable  level  of  revenue  and  profit targets as planned.

## 5-YEAR STRATEGIC PLAN

<!-- image -->

## PART III - BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

<!-- image -->

54

DEO CA TRAFFIC INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT JSC.

2022 ANNUAL REPORT

55

## 3.1. REPORT OF THE BOARD OF MANAGEMENT

## I. 1. Evaluation of business performance

## 2022 bussiness performance

The separate operating results

(Unit: Billion VND)

| STT  Items  2021  2022  Growth rate (%)  Plan  Actual  1  Total production  995.76  1,390  958.76  -3.72%  2  Total revenue  981.27  1,470  953.23  -2,86%  3  Total expense  701.38  970  784.90  +11.91%  4  Profit before tax  279.89  500  200.52  -28.56%  5  Profit after tax  229.72  400  167.40  -27.13%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The negative macroeconomic conditions in  2022  has  caused  many  difficulties for the economy in general and HHV in particular. The scarcity and steep price of  raw  materials,  goods  and  fuels,  a slowdown in the real estate market, and a shortage of capital have caused many businesses  in  the  industry  to  record negative growth

The parent company's revenue in 2022 stayed at the same level as in 2021. However, the market condition during  the  past  year  caused  many  difficulties  for businesses  such  as  scarcity  and  price  fluctuations of  raw  materials  and  fuel  (electricity,  gasoline,  oil,  ...) increased steeply. Also, the price compensation/price adjustment  has  not  been  timely  implemented  while bank  interest  rates  continue  to  increase  and  credit supply is exhausted, etc. Therefore, even though HHV has  actively  taking  measures  to  reduce  costs  and ensure  work  progress,  the  market  factors  above  still affect  the  production  and  business  efficiency  of  the Company. NPAT in 2022 decreased by 27% compared to 2021, profit margin decreased to 17.6%.

In addition, the negative performance of stock market has caused a loss of confidence of investors. Fundraising was delayed compared to the original plan and success rate was lower than originally expected. As a result, the Company's investment plans could not be implemented fully and on time, leading to undesirable level of revenue and profit targets as planned.

## The consolidated operating results

(Unit: Billion VND)

| STT  Items  2021  2022  Growth rate (%)  Plan  Actual  1  Total production  1,821.25  2,532  2,076.42  +11.4 %  2  Total revenue  1,861.34  2,516  2,094.58  +12.53%  3  Total expense  1,528.15  2,019  1,798.83  +17.71%  4  Profit before tax  333.19  496  353.25  +6.02%  5  Profit after tax  290.64  396  297,41  +2.33%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The negative macroeconomic conditions in 2022 has caused many difficulties for the economy in general and HHV in particular. The scarcity of raw materials, high prices of goods and fuels, a slowdown in the real estate market, and a shortage of capital have caused many businesses in the industry to record negative growth. Despite the difficulties, thanks to the efforts of the management and drastic measures to reduce costs, the consolidated financial statements of HHV still  recorded  positive  results.  Net  revenue  in  2022 increased  by  more  than  VND  233  billion  (+12.53% YoY). Profit after tax also increased by 2.33%,

## Total consolidated production (billion VND)

<!-- image -->

2022

reaching VND 297 billion. Revenue from toll collection activities of BOT projects still accounts for the largest proportion of consolidated revenue. Currently, these projects  are  conducting  stable  toll  collection  which help  revenue  to  growth  consistently  in  the  recent years. Public investment projects on the North-South expressway, which are expected to help HHV increase its construction revenue in the period of 2022, have been implemented later than the government's initial plan. Thus, the total estimate of output, revenue and profit from the beginning of the year are higher than the  actual  results.  However,  these  projects  were eventually  implemented  in  the  beginning  of  2023. Along  with  the  Government's  efforts  in  promoting disbursement  of  public  investment,  this  is  a  good sign for a growth period for HHV.

## The business plan in the 2023-2025 period

(Unit: Billion VND)

| No  Items  2022A  2023E  2024E  2025E  1  Total revenue  953.23  1,440.00  1,534.77  1,637.23  2  Total expense  784.90  1,232.36  1,286.14  1,374.14  3  Profit after tax  167.40  190.84  238.05  249.62  No  Items  2022A  2023E  2024E  2025E  1  Total revenue  2,094.58  2,478.17  2,914.97  3,326.12  2  Total expense  1,798.83  2,145.88  2,464.45  2,715.38  3  Profit after tax  297.41  338.58  447.79  609.64  2025 Separate revenue  VND 1,637.23 billion  CAGR = 19.7%  2025 Consolidated revenue VND 3,326.12 billion CAGR = 16.7%  ## 2025 Separate PAT VND 249.62 billion CAGR = 13.5%  2025 Consolidated PAT  VND 609.64 billion  CAGR = 24.6%  (Unit: Billion VND)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## II. Financial resources and cash flows

HHV is currently the direct investor in 04 large-scale transport infrastructure projects, with a total amount of capital contributed reaching nearly VND 3,000 billion. In addition, the Company is also researching and implementing new PPP projects in various fields such as expressway projects, high-speed rail projects, Metroline projects, etc.

To ensure the capital for investment activities and regular production and business activities, in 2022, the Company implemented a public offering to existing shareholders and received more than VND 400 billion

At the moment, the Company's charter capital achieved VND 3,078,044,500,000, meeting the basic needs of production and investment.

## III. THE PROJECT INVESTMENT AND CONDITIONS

## Phuoc Tuong - Phu Gia Tunnels

Total investment: VND 1,559 billion HHV contribution: VND 272 billion Operation date: 2016

<!-- image -->

## National Highway 1 expansion - Khanh Hoa Province

Total investment: VND 2,644 billion HHV contribution: VND 122 billion Operation date: 2016

<!-- image -->

## Deo Ca - Co Ma - Cu Mong - Hai Van Tunnels

Total investment: VND 21,612 billion HHV contribution: VND 1,566 billion Operation date: 2018

<!-- image -->

## Bac Giang - Lang Son Expressway

Total investment: VND 12,188 billion HHV contribution: VND 1,022 billion Operation date: 2020

<!-- image -->

01

02

03

04

## IV. IMPROVEMENTS ON ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE &amp; POLICIES

<!-- image -->

At the beginning of 2022, the Company added 02 Vice CEOs in charge of operating construction and installation activities, operating and managing infrastructure projects to ensure adequate amount of operating personnel for the next period of business growth.

To  comply  with  the  regulations  on  internal  audit  of  listed  companies,  HHV's  Board  of  Directors  approved  the establishment of the Internal Audit Committee, issued the Regulations on internal audit, internal audit process and internal audit plan of activities in 2022.

## V. EXPLANATION OF THE BOARD OF MANAGEMENT TO THE AUDIT OPINION

The Parent company and consolidated financial statements for 2022 of HHV were audited by Southern Auditing &amp; Financial Consulting Services Company Limited (AASCS), the audit opinion is that the consolidated financial state -ments of the company give a true and fair view.

## VI. ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES ASSESSMENT REPORT

## The environmental responsibility assessment:

In the past year, the Company did not inititate any environmental agenda due to the nature of the business, mainly focusing on the management, operation and construction of traffic projects in different locations. However, the Com -pany has deliberately implemented the environmental regulations, standards and targets (GRI 300) as followed:

Emissions  (GRI  305)  for  transport  vehicles:  always equip with modern transport vehicles and work equipment, ensure emission standards and registration in accordance to State regulations. In addition, perform periodic  maintenance/repair  of  transport  vehicles  to ensure safety and fuel efficiency. Review and evaluate the  quality  of  every  vehicles  annually  to  promptly replace  old  vehicles  that  do  not  meet  the  standards. For emissions from the air conditioning system, always choose  modern,  environmentally  friendly  generator that  meets  the  highest  standards  for  emissions  and noise. Perform maintenance according to the supplier's schedule and techniques to ensure high performance, energy saving, minimum waste generation, and promptly repair and replace outdated or damaged equipment. For solid and hazardous waste in tunnels, the company has signed a contract with the specialized agency to classify,  collect  and  handle  in  accordance  with  the procedure.  The  average  volume  of  hazardous  waste storage tanks during the operation and management of tunnel projects is 60 tons/year/4 tunnels. The average cost of hazardous waste treatment is VND 370 million per year.

The average volume of hazardous waste storage tanks during the operation and management  of  tunnel  projects  is  60 tons/year/4  tunnels.  The  average  cost of  hazardous  waste  treatment  is  VND 370 million per year.

At  the  project  sites,  the  construction  and  installation activities does not generate hazardous wastes for the surrounding environment. The operating equipment is maintained  and  overhauled  regularly,  ensuring  noise generation at a minimum degree, maintaining the safe and comfortable working environment for workers and minimize the impact on neighboring residents.

The company also focuses on energy saving through the  application  of  technological  innovations,  savings initiatives in production and construction activities.

The company always pays attention to environmental protection and signs contract with professional agencies yearly to carry out environmental monitoring with an average cost of VND 1 billion/year/4 tunnels. Monitoring results are  within  the  permits.  At  construction sites, HHV always comply with the implementation of a green, clean and neat working environment. The waste collection is carried out daily and without any negative impact on the surrounding environment.

it through a treatment tank and then pumping through a settling tank. These measures have distinct advantages in  controlling  environmental  pollution,  ensuring  labor safety, etc.

Regarding  the  statistical  data  collection  related  to HHV's  environmental  responsibility,  the  Company  is currently in the preparation stage to acquire the index measurement and appoint internal experts to study the issues:

-  Total  direct  and  indirect  greenhouse  gas  (GHG) emissions,  the  initiatives  and  measures  to  reduce greenhouse gas emissions: no measuring tool;
-  Raw materials management: The data on total amount of  materials  used  to  execute  projects  is  difficult  to collect as the projects are scattered in many locations with  different  construction  progress.  Therefore,  the collection,  measurement  and  management  of  raw materials is not feasible with HHV at this time.
-  Energy  and  water  consumption:  Similar  to  the  raw materials management, HHV has not implemented the management of data on energy and water consumption of all projects synchronously.

The company owns a clean water factory the provide for 100% of the staffs. At the construction site, the main source of water supply is from local water processing plants. The company encourages officials, employees and  workers  to  use  sparingly  to  maintain  sufficient supply. 100% of wastewater is then treated accordingly before  being  discharged  into  the  environment.  The water treatment system is periodically inspected, evaluated  and  monitored  to  prevent  and  detect  any risks during operation.

Currently, treatment measures to protect the environment for domestic wastewater is by collecting

The operating equipment is maintained and overhauled regularly, ensuring noise generation at a minimum degree, maintaining  the  safe  and  comfortable working  environment  for  workers  and minimize the impact on neighboring residents.

<!-- image -->

## Human resources responsibility assessment

Labor statistics at HHV in 2022

<!-- image -->

## The basic salary and compensation ratio between male and female at managerial/employee level

Basic salary is determined by job position and title, not based on gender. The company treats men and women equally.

## Non-discrimination

In 2022, no cases of discrimination were incurred by the Company.

## Freedom of association, the right to join trade unions and collective bargaining

The company organized trade unions and divisional trade unions in accordance with regulations. the union promotes the protection of legitimate legal rights for employees.

Employees  of  the  Company  have  the  right  to  freedom  of  expression,  freedom  to  join  groups/organizations  in accordance with the provisions of Law.

## Child labour

The company does not employ child labor at all and strongly opposes the illegal use of child labor..

## Local community responsibility assessment

HHV provides  transportation  infrastructure  products  (bridges,  tunnels,  roads..)  for  the  community.  These  are  all essential products that are important in developing the regional economy and improving social security:

-  Infrastructure  projects  help  increase  regional  connectivity,  promote  commercial,  trading  activities,  and  servicing activitie  in  the  project  areas,  especially  in  mountainous,  remote  and  border  areas  ...  thereby  creating  more  job opportunities and increasing income for the local residents.
- The construction projects also play an important role in helping people to commute more easily, shorten travel time, increase safety and minimize traffic accidents, congestion..

More details can be found in the Sustainable Development Section of this Report.

## Report on the green capital market

The green capital market is one of the basic framework for green investment, orienting the development of financial products. Operational regulations for the green capital market serve the capital mobilization for the  environmental friendly  programs,  projects,  production  and  business  activities,  environmental  protection  measures  and  climate change response. At the same time, the operational regulations for the green capital market also serve the policy needs  in  orienting  the  flow  and  use  of  capital  resources  towards  the  goal  of  green/sustainable  development; contribute to raising awareness and creating good practices for investors, issuers, and market intermediaries about the responsibility and conduct of business activities in toward the green market.

HHV is currently in the research phase and plans to enter this potential market in the future.

<!-- image -->

## 3.2. REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## I. Report of the BoD on every aspect of the Company

2022  is  a  year  of  great  difficulties  and  challenges that directly affect many aspects of HHV's operation, especially  the  prolonged  impact  of  the  epidemic, the  economic  decline,  and  natural  disasters  such as  storms  and  floods  with  complicated  and  irregular developments; the price increment of goods, supplies and raw materials for production (petroleum, construction materials of all kinds, etc.), transportation, input costs, etc. have negatively and comprehensively affected  all  aspects  of  HHV's  operations.  However, besides difficulties and challenges, there are also many opportunities  and  favorable  conditions  that  make  a positive and important contribution to the existence and development of enterprises such as the quick and timely implementation of supporting policies of the State for businesses on tax exemption and reduction, speeding up capital disbursement, reducing loan interest rates in  combination  with  extending  loan  repayment  time, strengthening control and  coordination of  market prices, … In the context of intertwined difficulties and opportunities,  with  high  spirit  and  responsibility  on the  basis  of  the  principle  of  the  Three  management model: Managing people - Managing works - Managing profits" - a strategic management model has proved the effectiveness  via  HHV's  actual  operations,  the  Board of  Directors  promptly  and  decisively  implemented governance and management solutions with the main task  of  stabilizing  personnel,  overcoming  difficulties to  maintain  and  develop  production  and  business, facilitate  and maximize the initiative and flexibility in performing  tasks  and  handling  the  workload  of  the Management, officers, employees and workers of the Company. As a result, the corporate governance and activities  of  the  Board  of  Directors  achieved  many positive results in 2022.

Unit: Billion VND

In the context of difficulties and advantages intertwined, with high spirit and  responsibility  based  on  principle of the Three management model: Managing  people  -  Managing  works  Managing  profits",  the  BoD  promptly and decisively implemented governance and management  solutions with the main task of stabilizing personnel, overcoming difficulties to maintain and  develop  production  and  business, facilitate and  maximize  the  initiative and flexibility  in  handling  the  workload of the Management, officers, employees and workers.

| No.  Seperated figures  2021A  2022E  2022E  Growth rate  Completion level  1  Net Revenue  981.27  1,470  953.23  -2.86%  65%  2  Profit after tax  229.72  400  167.40  -27.13%  42%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## a.  Results of implementing the resolution of the 2022 AGM production and business plan

In  the  implementation  of  the  Resolution  of  the  AGM No. 01/2022/NQ-DHDCD dated April 24, 2022, the BoD has given many in-depth and timely instructions with the BoM to propose solutions to overcome difficulties, focus  on  the  implementation  of  the  business  plans approved by the AGM.

Although the revenue and profit after tax have not been achieved as planned due to the general impact of the macroeconomic  situation  (scarce  raw  materials  for production, rising transportation expenses, high lending rates  and  tightened  lending  policies,  difficult  capital mobilization due to negative development in the stock market, etc.) as well as natural disasters, epidemics, etc. However, in the main business area, HHV has achieved many  encouraging  results  such  as:  The  construction and installation of bidding packages at projects (Cam Lam - Vinh Hao, Trung Luong - My Thuan, Cam Lo La  Son,...  )  was  on  schedule  and  with  committed quality.  The  operation  &amp;  management,  toll  collection, maintenance  of  traffic infrastructure (Deo Ca,  Cu Mong, Hai Van, Phuoc Tuong - Phu Gia tunnel, National Highway 1A section through Khanh Hoa province, etc.) have been implemented well and in accordance to the plan. The operation of branches (Enterprise), trade and services, mechanical processing, etc. was continuously and effectively. Thanks to the promoted implementation of administration and other expenses reduction policy, the  costs  to  revenue  ratio  does  not  fluctuate  greatly compared  to  2021.  In  addition,  at  the  beginning  of 2023, the Company has achieved many positive results such  as  winning  the  bid  for  the  construction  project to upgrade and expand Prenn Pass (VND 400 billion), winning the XL packages 1-2-3 Quang Ngai - Hoai Nhon projects (VND 14,000 billion), signals business growth for the coming period.

## b.  Results  of  implementating  other  resolutions/ decisions of the 2022 AGM

Implementing the Resolution No. 08/2021/NQ-DHDCD and Resolution No. 09/2021/NQ-DHDCD dated November 1, 2021 of the 2021 Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders in on increasing charter capital by  share  offering  to  existing  shareholders,  the  Board of  Directors  directed  and  carried  out  the  registration and  relevant  procedures.  At  the  end  of  the  public offering,  the  total  charter  capital  of  HHV  increased to  VND  3,078,044,500,000.    The  additional  capital fundamentally  met  the  capital  needs  for  investment activities and other operational segments of HHV. On  the  basis  of  Resolution  No.  01/2022/NQ-DHDCD dated  April  24,  2022  of  the  2022  AGM,  HHV  has selected and signed an audit contract with the Southern Auditing  &amp;  Accounting  Financial  Consulting  Services (AASCS) to perform independent audit of the Financial Statement(s) for the year 2022. The signing of the audit contract as well as the audited financial statements are publicly disclosed and reports are sent to state authority to ensure compliance with current regulations.

Regarding  the  distribution  of  profits  and  dividends in  2021,  according  to  the  Resolution  No.  01/2022/ NQ-DHDCD  dated  April  24,  2022  of  the  2022  AGM, due  to  the  objective  reason  that  the  company  was implementing the offering plan to existing shareholders to increase capital, it was not possible to implement the stock dividend payment in 2021, approved by the 2022 AGM. Therefore, the BoD submitted the Proposal No. 08/2023/TTr-HDQT dated April 01, 2023 to the General Meeting of Shareholders for consideration and approval of the profits and dividends distribution in 2022 and the profit distribution plan in 2023 so that the Management have a basis for implementing the profits and dividends distribution in accordance to regulations and ensuring the benefits of shareholders.

Unit: Billion VND

| No.  Consolidated figures  2021A  2022E  2022E  Growth rate  Completion level  1  Net Revenue  1,861.34  2,516  2,094.58  +12.53%  83%  2  Profit after tax  290.64  396  297.41  +2.33%  75%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## II. Assessment on the environmental and social responsibility

Apart  from  the  implementation  of  operational  plan, HHV also focuses on the responsibility of businesses to the welfare of the community and society by adhering to regulations on environmental protection and social  security  deliberately  and  fully.  HHV  aware  that environmental protection and social security activities as an important task associated with production and business  activities,  towards  the  goal  of  sustainable development,  creating  a  happy  and  safe  life  for  the people and a prosperous future for the country. With the motto that production and operation must be efficient and profitable, but without adverse impacts on the  environment,  the  Management  has  regularly  and thoroughly  implementated  environmental  protection measures  at  the  office,  headquarters,  project  sites and  business  locations  of  the  Company  such  as: promulgating and applying rules on prudent and preserving use of energy, natural resources (electricity, water, fuel, etc.);  strictly  implement  environmental protection measures at project sites where the company is operating (dust coverage, noise reduction, hazardous wastes collection and treatement,..). Every year, inspection teams of Ministries, central branches and  localities  have  inspected  and  highly  appreciated the environmental protection measures at HHV. There are  no  cases  where  individuals  or  affiliated  divisions of  the  company  violate  regulations  on  environmental protection.

Throughout  the  formation  and  development  history of  the  company,  HHV  always  accompanies  localities to perform social security with a high sense  of responsibility. In 2022, HHV spent nearly VND 2 billion to  implement social security responsibility to support and accompany the Government and local authorities by construction activities, monetary contributions, distribution of utensils, vehicles, houses, ... in the area where  the  Company's  projects  are  located,  to  assist people in preventing and overcoming natural disasters; support  the  poor  and  distressed  households  during the  Lunar  New  Year;  support  disabled  workers  and underprivileged families, ...

## III. Assessement of the BoD on the activities of the BoM

Through the implementation of governance and supervision in 2022, the BoD unanimously appreciated the sense of responsibility and efforts of the BoM and the  CEO  personally  in  managing  and  administering the Company's operation. Although 2022 started with many difficulties and challenges, with a high sense of responsibility, the CEO, Vice CEOs and other managers have  developed  specific  plans  and  proposed  many measures  to  fully  and  synchronously  implement  the resolutions and decisions of the BoD. In the process of management and administration, the BoM has complied with  the  provisions  of  the  Charter,  the  Regulation  on corporate governance and other internal management regulations of the Company. The CEO has performed well in playing the role of the exercising authority and responsibility as the head of the company; proactively and promptly direct and organize the implementation of orientations, and plan objectives approved by the AGM and  the  BoD.  The  management  and  operation  of  the BoM were considered the effective and efficient. The Vice CEOs have promptly implemented and fulfilled the assigned tasks acccordingly.

In  general,  the  BoM  has  successfully  accomplished the assigned tasks. Under the  management  and administration  of  the  BoM,  HHV's  operating  activities are  maintained  continuously  and  have  developed  in accordance with the guidelines and orientations of the BoD  and  the  actual  condition  of  the  economy;  make the decisive contribution to the completion of the basic objectives  approved  by  the  AGM.  HHV  and  its  subsidiaries have organized and maintained a fair, reasonable and competitive working environment; taken good care for the lives of all officers, employees and workers of the Company; salaries and other benefits have been paid in  full  and  on  time.  The  financial  reporting  system  in 2022 is prepared, audited and disclosed in compliance with the regulations and current accounting standards. The  Company's  system  of  management  and  control was maintained, and strengthened continuously. Investor  relations  and  information  disclosure  were performed  well  and  in  accordance  to  regulations. The  BoM  has  well  maintained  the  close  relationship between shareholders - the owners of the company and HHV. Important information, which directly reflects the Company's  operating  results,  was  fully  and  promptly disclosed to the Company's shareholders and investors.

## IV. Plans and orientations of the Board of Directors in the following year

Although 2023 is a period of continued strong recovery after  the  epidemic,  the  socio-economic  situation  of Vietnam  is  forecasted  to  face  many  difficulties  with the  risk  of  slow  economic  recovery,  an  weakened growth,  elevated  inflation,  urgent  employment  and social  security  problems,  erratic  and  unpredictable natural disasters,.. However, 2023 also opens up many opportunities  for  businesses  when  the  incumbent government is speeding up the disbursement of capital, accelerating the implementation of supportive development policies, and drastically directing the early implementation  of  infrastructure  projects,  especially the Eastern North-South Expressway Construction Project  phase  2,  as  well  as  the  strong  restructuring of  the  workforce  which,  in  turns,  creates  a  highquality  workforce  for  HHV.  In  this  context,  the  Board of  Directors  set  out  specific  orientations,  goals  and operational plans in 2023 as follows:

## 1. General orientation for business operation

Strengthening of governance and operational management of the Company; continuing to construct and  implement  solutions  to  improve  the  quality  of corporate governance; setting practical goals that are suitable to the actual condition and internal capability of the company so that HHV can safely and flexibly adapt to the new situation, while operating with the objective of implementing the 5-year development strategy approved by the AGM on the basis of extensive, flexible and persistent application of the 'Three management model: Managing people - Managing works - Managing profits" and "Three Assignment model: Assigning people - Assigning works - Assigning targets", aiming to  increase  profit,  optimize  costs,  increase  real  value in  a  sustainable  manner  and  harmonize  the  benefits

Promoting investment in transport infrastructure projects approved by the  AGM,  especially  the  construction projects of the Eastern North-South Expressway Phase 2, expressway projects in the Northern provinces, Central Highlands, Southeast and other key projects.

between Shareholders and Stakeholders.

Following  closely,  directing  promptly  and  deliberately the  resolutions,  orientations  and  development  plan of production and business activities. Promoting investment in transport infrastructure projects approved by the AGM, especially the construction projects of the Eastern North-South Expressway Phase 2, expressway projects in the Northern provinces, Central Highlands, Southeast and other key projects. This will create a solid foundation for HHV to affirm and improve its capability, towards the goal of becoming a leading contractor that can  undertake  the  major  domestic  and  international transport  infrastructure  projects,  typically  Vietnam  Laos railways and many other large-scale projects.

Strengthening  the  supervision  of  the  BoD,  especially monitoring  and  prompting  the  main  production  and business  activities.  The  projects  that  have  been,  are and  will  be  implemented  in  close  coordination  with the  supervision  and  direction  activities  of  the  BoM. Controlling over cost and investment efficiency will help reduce expenses while ensure efficient and systematic operation,  creating  benefits  and  increasing  the  real value for the Company and its shareholders. In addition, the  inspection  and  supervision  must  be  associated with the adjustment, supplementation, amendment and completion of the internal regulations and institutions of  the  Company  (such  as  the  Company's  Charter, internal  regulations  of  corporate  governance,  other regulations, …) so that it will address the shortcomings, prevent risks, and contribute to improving the efficiency of corporate governance and administration.

Continuing to restructure the personnel in accordance with the actual situation and management requirements on the basis of promoting decentralization and delegation to the BoM  in order to improve the organizational structure of management. Ensuring the management and authorization to operate quickly and effectively.  Assigning  appropriate  tasks  to  maximize the capability of each manager in accordance to their professional area.

Continuing to maintain the adequate information disclosure  and  investor  relations  activities.  The  BoD determined  that  one  of  the  important  and  decisive factors  for  the  company's  strong  and  sustainable development is to always comply with the provisions of the law and ensure publicity and transparency with state authority and shareholders.

<!-- image -->

## 2. Objectives for 2023

Based  on  the  results  of  investment,  production  and  business  activities  of  HHV  in  2022  and  the  plans,  projects, contracts the Company has been implementing as well as new projects and contracts, the Board of Directors set out the production and business targets for 2023 are as follows:

| Objectives  Unit  The target  Total evenue  Billion VND  2,478  Total expense  Billion VND  2,101  Profit after tax  Billion VND  339  Stock dividend payment  7%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Job security and average income for employees of 9,115,574 VND/person/month

## SUBSIDIARIES

## Deo Ca Investment JSC.

Head  office  address:  32  Thach  Thi  Thanh,  Tan  Dinh Ward, District 1, Ho Chi Minh City

Main business line: General contractor of Deo Ca Road tunnel construction project

Charter capital: 2.172.792.730.000 VND.

HHV ownership: 72.09%

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Bac Giang - Lang Son BOT JSC

Head office address: 16th Floor, Office Tower, 265 Cau Giay Building, Dich Vong Ward, Cau Giay District, Hanoi City, Vietnam

Main business line: General contractor of Bac Giang Lang Son expressway

Charter capital: 1,495,847,400,000 VND. HHV ownership: 68.34%

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Phuoc Tuong - Phu Gia BOT JSC.

Head office address: Lot 4 BT1, Me Tri Ha Urban Area,

Me Tri, Nam Tu Liem, Hanoi City

Main business line: General contractor of Phuoc Tuong

- Phu Gia road tunnel construction project

Charter capital: 273.786.000.000 VND.

HHV ownership: 99.47%

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## AFFILIATES

## ICV Vietnam Construction and Investment JSC

Head office address: No. 44 Tran Hung Dao, Ward 1, Tuy Hoa City, Phu Yen Province

Main  business  lines:  Wholesale  of  machinery,  equipment, machine spare parts and other trading activities Charter capital: VND 61,500,000,000.

HHV ownership: 21.95%

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Bac Giang - Lang Son - Huu Nghi BOT JSC

Head  office  address:  20th  Floor,  No.  109  Tran  Hung Dao, Cua Nam Ward, Hoan Kiem District, Hanoi City Main business line: General contractor of Huu Nghi Chi Lang expressway project

Charter capital: 424,000,000,000 VND.

HHV ownership: 31.60%

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Deo Ca - Khanh Hoa BOT Investment JSC.

Head office address: 16th Floor, Office Tower, 265 Cau Giay Building, Dich Vong Ward, Cau Giay District, Hanoi City, Vietnam

Main business line: General contractor of the National Highway 1 expansion, Khanh Hoa province Charter capital: 305,000,000,000 VND. HHV ownership: 47.21%

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## BAC GIANG - LANG SON 01

## BOT JSC

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## About the Enterprise

Date of establishment: September 11, 2015 Key products/services: Operation and management of Bac Giang - Lang Son expressway

## Summary of objectives and key solutions for 2023

Completion of project settlement with People's Committee of Lang Son Province. Maintaining the toll collection to payback for the project

<!-- image -->

## Revenue assessment

The enterprise's net revenue in 2022 reached VND 286 billion, down 7,7% YoY and completed 87% of the plan. The reason is due to:

Decree  No.  15/2022/ND-CP  dated  January  28,  2022 stipulating tax exemption and reduction policies under Resolution No. 43/2022/QH15 guding on reducing VAT from 10% to 8% from February 1, 2022. Accordingly, the fares and tolls across stations are reduced.

With  the  "Zero  Covid"  strategy,  China  has  tightened and closed its borders for nearly 3 years. This directly affected  vehicle  traffic  through  the  Bac  Giang  -  Lang Son  expressway,  especially  vehicle  category  4  and  5 (cargo trucks, container trucks, ..), which is the group of vehicles with the highest toll rates, causing toll revenue of BG-LS station to decrease.

<!-- image -->

## Summary of business performance (Unit: VND)

| ITEMS  2022  2021  Net Revenue  286,349,845,288  309,685,779,091  Cost of goods sold  144,479,692,149  137,295,411,031  Gross profit  141,870,153,139  172,390,368,060  Profit before tax  49,542,687,126  55,737,110,756  Profit after tax  49,542,687,126  55,737,110,756   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

.

## Earnings assessment

Although COGS increased in the context of declining revenue, thanks to good control of financial and administrative expenses, the company's net profit margin only decreased slightly by 1 percentage point compared to 2021. The company's profit after tax in 2022 reached VND 49.5 billion and completed 84% of the plan.

02

## DEO CA INVESTMENT JSC.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## About the Enterprise

Date of establishment: April 5, 2010 Key  products/services:  Operation  and  management of Deo Ca road tunnels (including Deo Ca, Co Ma, Cu Mong, Hai Van tunnels)

## Summary of objectives and key solutions for 2023

Completing  the  project's  settlement  with  authorized state agencies. Continue the operation of toll collection to reimburse the capital of the project.

<!-- image -->

## Revenue assessment

The enterprise's net revenue in 2022 recorded a positive growth of 28.4% over the same period, reaching VND 994 billion after 12 months of operation and exceeding the  target.  The  factor  that  helps  revenue  to  grow was  that  the  epidemic  situation  has  gradually  been controlled, traffic volume was stabilized and recovered, so toll revenue increased over the same period.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Summary of business performance (Unit: VND)

| ITEMS  2022  2021  Net Revenue  994,093,148,147  773,630,454,543  Cost of goods sold  464,714,129,485  360,519,817,917  Gross profit  529,379,018,662  413,110,636,626  Profit before tax  64,757,827,746  26,772,038,222  Profit after tax  41,805,597,875  26,772,038,222   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Earnings assessment

The adequate control of administration costs helps partially offset the increased financial costs in the context of in -creasing lending interest rates. The company's net profit margin improve modestly to 6% in 2022. For the whole year, the company's profit after tax reached VND 65 billion, 2.4 times higher than in 2021 and completed 114% of the target.

03

## KHANH HOA DEO CA BOT INVESTMENT JSC.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## About the Enterprise

Date of establishment: April 22, 2013. Key products/services: Toll collection on the National Highway  1  expansion  project  through  Khanh  Hoa province

## Summary of objectives and key solutions for 2023

Reaching  an  agreement  on  finalization  of  remaining items of the project. Continue to conduct toll collection to reimburse the investor's capital, fulfill obligations to credit institutions.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Revenue assessment

The enterprise's net revenue in 2022 reached VND 298 billion, up 17.8% over the same period and successfully exceeded the plan.

<!-- image -->

## Summary of business performance (Unit: VND)

| ITEMS  2022  2021  Net Revenue  297,602,725,928  252,610,963,636  Cost of goods sold  100,479,059,024  113,101,740,626  Gross profit  197,123,666,904  139,509,223,010  Profit before tax  105,781,165,113  64,212,766,668  Profit after tax  100,492,106,857  61,002,128,334   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Earnings assessment

Competent cost control has helped the company's gross profit margin improve positively, from 55.1% in 2021 to 66.3% in 2022. This partly offsets the increased financial expenses and declined financial revenue. By the end of 2022, the enterprise's profit after tax reached VND 100.5 billion, up 63.9% over the same period and completed 157.6% of the target.

<!-- image -->

## PHUOC TUONG PHU GIA BOT JSC.

04

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## About the Enterprise

Date of establishment: 12/06/2013 Key products/services: Operation and management of Phuoc Tuong Phu Gia road tunnel

## Summary of objectives and key solutions for 2023

In 2023, continuing to complete the project settlement with the State Administration of Vietnam, conduct the stable toll collection to reimburse investors' capital and fulfill obligations with credit institutions.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Revenue assessment

The enterprise's net revenue in 2022 reached VND 204 billion, up 12.7% over the same period and completing 102% of the target.

<!-- image -->

## Summary of business performance (Unit: VND)

| ITEMS  2022  2021  Net Revenue  203,663,165,080  181,263,572,734  Cost of goods sold  82,347,618,022  73,380,648,591  Gross profit  121,315,547,058  107,882,924,143  Profit before tax  30,569,559,337  26,569,040,243  Profit after tax  27,873,878,633  26,569,040,243   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Earnings assessment

Eventhough the net revenue grew positively, COGS increased accordingly and made the company's gross profit mar -gin relatively unchanged. For the whole year of 2022, the company's profit after tax reached VND 27.8 billion, increas -ing by 4.9% over the same period and exceeding the target.

## PART IV - CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

<!-- image -->

82

DEO CA TRAFFIC INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT JSC.

2022 ANNUAL REPORT

83

## 4.1. STOCK INFORMATION AND SHAREHOLDERS STRUCTURE

## I. Stock information

| Content  Charter Capital  3,078,044,500,000 VND  Number of listed shares  307,804,450  Stock Type  Common share  Number of outstanding shares  307,804,450  Treasury shares  None  Denominations  10,000 VND   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022 transactions statistics  Total sessions  240  Total volume traded  743,593,756  Daily verage trading volume (1 year)  3,302,287  The highest trading volume of the year  14,754,400 shares (February 21, 2023)  Lowest trading volume of the year  559,900 shares (September 12, 2022)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## II. Shareholder structure

+ State shareholders: none
+ Founding shareholders (domestic - foreign): none
+ Socio-political organization: Currently, the Labor union (formerly the Labor Union of Hai Van Tunnel Operation and Maintenance JSC. under the Union of Labor of Lien Chieu District, Da Nang City) is holding 84,800 shares (accounting for 0.027% of charter capital).
+ Treasury shares: none
+ Preferred shareholders: none
+ Major shareholders (domestic - foreign) and internal shareholders:

| No.  Capital contributing members  Number of shares owned  (shares)  Capital contribu-tion  rate (%)  1  Hai Thach Investment JSC. BOT  61,900,000  20.11%  2  Mr. Pham Dinh Thang  20,010,000  6.5%  3  Deo Ca Group JSC.  3,789,255  1.23%  4  Mr. Ho Minh Hoang (Chairman of the BoD)  1,800,000  0.58%  5  Mr. Nguyen Quang Huy (CEO)  230,000  0.07%  6  Mr. Nguyen Tan Dong (Vice Chairman)  120,000  0.04%  7  Other shareholders  219,955,195  71.47%  Total  307,804,450  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| No.  Capital contributing members  Number of shares owned  (shares)  Capital contribution  rate (%)  1  Foreign shareholders  11,201,786  3.64%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Based on the list of shareholders provided by VSD As at March 22, 2023)

+ Change in owner's capital:

Number of charter capital increment within a year: Once.

Specifically,  on  December  19,  2022,  the  Board  of  Directors  issued  Resolution  No.  57/NQ-HDQT  on  changing charter  capital  and  amending  and  supplementing  the  Company's  Charter  from  VND  2,673,840,900,000  to  VND 3,078,044,500,000, (an increase of VND 404,203,600,000) effective immediately.

<!-- image -->

## 4.2. INTRODUCTION OF THE MANAGEMENT

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Mr. HO MINH HOANG Chairman of the Board of Directors

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1972

Nationality: Vietnamese

Qualification:  Electrical  Engineer,  Master  of  Business Administration

## Work experience:

+ 04/2010 - 06/2019: CEO of Deo Ca Investment JSC.
+ 12/2017 - 01/2020: Chairman of the Board of Directors of Deo Ca Investment JSC.
+ 05/2018 - present: Chairman of Deo Ca Capital Co., Ltd
+ 06/2018 - present: Chairman of the Board of Directors of Deo Ca Group JSC.
+ 01/2019 - present: Chairman of the Board of Directors of Trung Luong - My Thuan BOT JSC.
+ 08/2019 - present: Chairman of the Board of Directors of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+  02/2021  -  10/2021:  Vice  Chairman  of  the  Board  of Directors of Hung Thinh Incons JSC.

HHV share ownership ratio: 1,800,000 shares, accounting  for  0.58%  of  the  total  number  of  voting shares.

Mr. NGUYEN TAN DONG Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1977 Nationality: Vietnamese Qualification:  Road and Bridge Construction Engineer, Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA)

## Work experience:

+ 07/2016 - 01/2017: Member of the Board of Directors of Hai Van Tunnel Operation and MaintenanceJSC. + 2013 - 2019: Vice CEO of Deo Ca Investment JSC.
+ 06/2019 - present: Chairman of the Board of Directors of Phuoc Tuong Phu Gia BOT JSC.
+ 07/2019 - present: Member of the Board of Directors of  Saigon  -  Phu  Yen  Bridge  Construction  Investment Group JSC.
+  2019  -  present:  Vice  Chairman  of  the  Board  of Directors of Deo Ca Group JSC.
+  2019  -  present:  Vice  Chairman  of  the  Board  of Directors and CEO of Trung Luong - My Thuan BOT JSC. +  08/2019  -  present:  Vice  Chairman  of  the  Board  of Directors  of  Deo  Ca  Traffic  Infrastructure  Investment JSC.

HHV share ownership ratio: 3,909,255 shares (representative ownership: 3,789,255 shares, individual ownership:  120,000  shares),  accounting  for  1.27%  of total number of voting shares.

Mr. NGUYEN HUU HUNG Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1983 Nationality: Vietnamese Qualification:  Bachelor  of  Accounting  &amp;  Economic Information, Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA)

## Work experience:

+ 2017 - 2018: Deputy Head of Finance Department of Deo Ca Group JSC.
+  2017  -  2018:  Chief  Accountant  of  ICV  Vietnam Construction and Investment JSC.
+ 2018 - 2019: Chief Accountant of Deo Ca Group JSC. +  12/2021  -  present:  Vice  Chairman  of  the  Board  of Directors of Deo Ca Group JSC.
+ 02/2020 - present: Member of the Board of Directors of Ha Thanh International Trade Investment JSC.
+ 08/2020 - present: Head of Board of Supervisors of Deo Ca Construction JSC.
+ 10/2021 - present: Member of the Board of Directors of Deo Ca Khanh Hoa BOT Investment JSC.
+ 10/2021 - present: Member of the Board of Directors of Hai Thach BOT Investment JSC.
+ 04/2022 - present: Vice Chairman of the BoD of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+ 12/2022 - 02/2023: Vice Chairman of the BoD of Deo Ca Expressway Operation and Maintenance JSC.

HHV share ownership ratio: 0 shares, accounting for 0% of the total number of voting shares.

Mr. VO THUY LINH Member of the Board of Directors

<!-- image -->

Qualification:  Electrical  Engineer,  Executive  Master  of

Year of birth: 1971 Nationality: Vietnamese Business Administration (EMBA)

## Work experience:

+ 2009 - 2015: CEO of Hai Thach Group JSC.
+ 03/2016 - 09/2016: Member of the Board of Directors, Vice CEO of Hai Van Tunnel Operation and Maintenance JSC.
+ 07/2015 - present: Member of the Board of Directors of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+  2018  -  present:  Vice  Chairman  of  the  Board  of Directors of Deo Ca Group JSC.
+ 12/2009 - present: Chairman of the Board of Directors, CEO of Hai Thach BOT Investment JSC.
+ 03/2010 - present: Member of the Board of Directors of Deo Ca Investment JSC.
+ 06/2016 - present: Member of Board of Supervisors of Hai Thach Group JSC.
+  12/2022  -  present:  Vice  Chairman  of  the  Board of  Directors  of  Deo  Ca  Expressway  Operation  and Maintenance JSC.

HHV share ownership rate: 61,900,000 shares (representative ownership: 61,900,000 shares, individual ownership: 0 shares), accounting for 20.11% of the total number of voting shares.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Mr. NGUYEN QUANG HUY Member of the Board of Directors, CEO

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1990 Nationality: Vietnamese Qualification:  Master  of  Traffic  Construction  Engineering, Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA)

## Work experience:

+ 12/2020 - present: Vice CEO of Deo Ca Group JSC.
+  06/2020  -  12/2020:  Vice  CEO  of  Deo  Ca  Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+ 12/2020 - present: CEO of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+ 11/2021 - present: Member of the Board of Directors of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+ 06/2019 - 03/2022: Member of the Board of Directors of Hoang Long Construction Consulting JSC.
+ 10/2020 - present: Chairman of the Board of Directors of  Nam  Quang  Ngai  Urban  Area  Development  and Investment JSC.
+  04/2021  -  present:  Vice  Chairman  of  the  Board  of Directors of VINALOG Investment JSC.
+ 12/2022 - present: Chairman of the Board of Directors of Deo Ca Expressway Operation and Maintenance JSC.

HHV share ownership ratio: 230,000 shares, accounting for  0.075%  of  the  company's  total  number  of  voting shares.

Mr. TRAN CHUNG Non-executive member of the Board

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1947 Nationality: Vietnamese Qualification: Associate professor/Doctor of Construc -tion, Bachelor of Construction.

## Work experience:

+ 2015 - 2019: Senior advisor of Deo Ca Group JSC.
+ 06/2020 - present: Member of the Board of Directors
- of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+ 01/2020 - present: Member of the Board of Directors of Deo Ca Investment JSC.
+ 05/2017 - present: Member of the Board of Directors of Bac Giang - Lang Son BOT JSC.
+ 03/2023 - present: Member of the Board of Directors of ICV Vietnam Construction and Investment JSC.

HHV share ownership ratio:  0  shares,  accounting  for 0% of the company's total number of voting shares.

Mr. HOANG VAN HAI Independent member of the Board

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1966 Nationality: Vietnamese Qualification: Associtate Professor/Doctor of Economics, Bachelor of Commercial Economics.

## Work experience:

+  1989  -  1998:  Lecturer  of  Corporate  Affairs  Faculty, University of Commerce
+  1998  -  2000:  Deputy  Head  of  Business  Economics Department, University of Commerce
+  2000  -  2002:  Vice  Dean  of  Corporate  Governance Faculty, University of Commerce
+ 2002 -2007: Head of Corporate Governance Department, University of Commerce
+ 2007 - 02/2012: Vice Dean of Business Administration Faculty,  University  of  Economics,  Vietnam  National University, Hanoi
+ 02/2012 - 07/2016: Dean of Business Administration Faculty, Vietnam National University,
+ 07/2016 - present: Director of Business Administration Institute, Vietnam National University
+ 06/2020 - present: Independent member of the BoD of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.

HHV share ownership ratio: 0 shares, accounting for 0% of the company's total number of voting shares.

Mr. HO QUANG LOI Independent member of the Board

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1956 Nationality: Vietnamese Qualification: Bachelor

## Work experience:

+  1980  -  2008:  Colonel,  Deputy  Editor-in-Chief  of  the People's Army Newspaper
+ 2008 - 2010: Editor-in-Chief of 'New Hanoi' Newspaper
+ 2008 -2010: Chairman of Hanoi Journalists
- Association
+ 2010 - 2015: Member of the Standing City Committee of the Party, Head of the Propaganda Department of the Hanoi Committee of the Party.
+ 2015 - 2021: Standing Vice President, Deputy Secretary of the Party Union of Vietnam Journalists Association
+  2021  -  present:  Chairman  of  Vietnam  -  Romania Friendship Association
+ 04/2022 - present: Independent member of the Board of Directors of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.

HHV share ownership ratio: 0 shares, accounting for 0% of the company's total number of voting shares.

## BOARD OF MANAGEMENT

Mr. NGUYEN QUANG HUY Member of the Board of Directors, CEO

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1990

Nationality: Vietnamese

Qualification:  Master  of  Traffic  Construction  Engineering,  Executive  Master  of  Business

Administration (EMBA)

## Work experience:

+ 12/2020 - present: Vice CEO of Deo Ca Group JSC.
+ 06/2020 - 12/2020: Vice CEO of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+ 12/2020 - present: CEO of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+  11/2021  -  present:  Member  of  the  Board  of  Directors  of  Deo  Ca  Traffic  Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+  06/2019  -  03/2022:  Member  of  the  Board  of  Directors  of  Hoang  Long  Construction Consulting JSC.
+ 10/2020 - present: Chairman of the Board of Directors of Nam Quang Ngai Urban Area Development and Investment JSC.
+ 04/2021 - present: Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of VINALOG Investment JSC.
+ 12/2022 - present: Chairman of the Board of Directors of Deo Ca Expressway Operation and Maintenance JSC.

HHV share ownership ratio: 230,000 shares, accounting for 0.075% of the company's total number of voting shares.

Mr. TRAN VAN CHI Permanent Vice CEO

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1976

Nationality: Vietnamese

Qualification: Road and Bridge Construction Engineer

## Work experience:

+ 05/2004 - 02/2008: Technical staff, Chief commander of Ha Viet Construction Construction Company
+ 03/2008 - 09/2013: Deputy Head of Executive Board of VINACONEX E&amp;C
+ 10/2013 - 02/2018: Head of the Executive Board of Hai Thach Group JSC.
+  03/2018  -  01/2022:  Deputy  Director  of  Lam  Viet Construction Investment Co., Ltd
+  02/2022 - present: Permanent Vice CEO of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+ 01/2023 - present: Vice CEO of Deo Ca Expressway Operation and Maintenance JSC.

HHV share ownership rate: 0 shares, accounting for 0% of the total number of voting shares of the company.

Mr. LE CHAU THANG Vice CEO

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1978

Nationality: Vietnamese

Qualification: Electrical Engineer

## Work experience:

+ 05/2003 - 12/2014: Staff of Hai Van Tunnel Operation and Maintenance JSC.
+  01/2015  -  01/2022:  Director  of  Hai  Van  Tunnel Management Enterprise, Deo Ca tunnel, Cu Mong tunnel under  Hai  Van  Tunnel  Operation  and  Maintenance JSC.  (later  changed  as  Deo  Ca  Traffic  Infrastructure Investment JSC.)
+  02/2022  -  present:  Vice  CEO  of  Deo  Ca  Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+  03/2018  -  01/2022:  Deputy  Director  of  Lam  Viet Construction Investment Co., Ltd
+  03/2022  -  present:  CEO  of  Deo  Ca  Expressway Operation and Maintenance JSC.

HHV share ownership ratio: 2,000 shares, accounting for 0.000006 % of the company's total number of voting shares.

## BOARD OF MANAGEMENT

Mr. VO NGOC TRUNG Vice CEO

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1981 Nationality: Vietnamese Electronics and Telecommunications Engineer, Executive Master of Business Administration

Qualification: (EMBA)

## Work experience:

+  04/2005 -  04/2006:  Vice  captain  of  General  Information Team of Hai Van Tunnel Management Company
+ 05/2006 - 05/2008: Specialist in Traffic Engineering Department of Hai Van  Tunnel Maintenance  and Operation Company
+  01/2009  -  01/2010:  Head  of  Electromechanical Engineering Department of Hai Van Tunnel Management and Operation JSC.
+  02/2010  -  03/2019:  Head  of  Electromechanical Engineering  Department,  Deputy  Director  of  Hai  Van Tunnel Management and Operation JSC
+  04/2019  -  06/2020:  Vice  CEO  of  Deo  Ca  Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+ 08/2020 - 11/2020: Director of the Deo Ca Tunnel and Cu Mong Tunnel Management and Operation JSC
+  12/2020  -  present:  Vice  CEO  of  Deo  Ca  Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.

HHV share ownership ratio: 3,067 shares, accounting for 0.00001 % of total number of voting shares of the company.

Mr. TRAN VAN DUNG Vice CEO

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1977

Nationality: Vietnamese

Qualification: Bridge and Road Construction Engineer

Work experience:

+ 2012 - 04/2017: Deputy Head of Project Management and Supervision Consulting Division of Road Engineering Center III under the Hai Van Tunnel Management and Operation Company
+ 04/2017 - 01/2021: Deputy Director, Leader of Tunnel Project Management Team, Hai Van 2 Tunnel Expansion Project Management Board
+  01/2021  -  present:  Vice  CEO  of  Deo  Ca  Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.

HHV share ownership rate: 0 shares, accounting for 0% of the total number of voting shares of the company.

Mrs. NGUYEN QUYNH MAI Vice CEO

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1993

Nationality: Vietnamese

Qualification: Bachelor of Banking &amp; Finance

## Work experience:

+ 2016 - 2019: Credit approval officer of Vietnam Joint Stock Commercial Bank for Industry and Trade
+ 02/2020 -02/2021: Deputy Head of Finance Department of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+  03/2021  -  present:  Vice  CEO  of  Deo  Ca  Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+ 12/2022 - present: Head of Board of Supervisors of Deo Ca Expressway Operation and Maintenance JSC.

HHV share ownership rate: 0 shares, accounting for 0% of the total number of voting shares of the company.

Mr. NGUYEN VAN AN Chief Accountant

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1982 Nationality: Vietnamese Qualification: Bachelor of Accounting

## Work experience:

+  12/2015  -  04/2019:  Chief  Accountant  of  Hai  Van Tunnel Operation and Maintenance JSC.
+ 04/2019 -01/2022: Member  of  the Board of Supervisors of Hung Phat BOT JSC.
+ 08/2020 - present: Chief Accountant of the South of Quang Ngai Urban Area Development Investment JSC.
+ 06/2020 - present: Chief Accountant of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+ 12/2022 - present: Member of Board of Supervisors of Deo Ca Expressway Operation and Maintenance JSC.

HHV share ownership rate: 0 shares, accounting for 0% of the total number of voting shares of the company.

## BOARD OF SUPERVISORS

Mr. NGUYEN MINH GIANG Head of Board of Supervisors

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1980 Nationality: Vietnamese Qualification: Bachelor of Finance - Accounting, Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA)

## Work experience:

+ 04/2018- 03/2023: Head of Board of Supervisors of Deo Ca Investment JSC.
+ 11/2018 - present: Chairman of the Board of Directors of Investment Consulting Co., Ltd., Finance, Accounting, Taxation - Auditing Com. PT
+ 04/2019 - 01/2022: Member of the Board of Supervisors of Hung Phat BOT JSC.
+ 01/2019 - present: Head of Board of Supervisors of Trung Luong - My Thuan BOT JSC.
+ 07/2021 - present: Chairman of the Board of Directors, CEO of Deo Ca Real Estate JSC.
+ 08/2019 - 09/2021: Head of Board of Supervisors of Northern Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+ 05/2020 - present: Head of Board of Supervisors of Deo Ca Khanh Hoa BOT Investment JSC.
+ 12/2020 - present: Member of the Board of Directors, CEO of Deo Ca Security JSC.
+ 01/2021 - present: CEO of Nam Quang Ngai Urban Area Development Investment JSC.
+ 01/2018 - present: Head of Board of Supervisors of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+ 06/2022 - present: Member of the Board of Directors, CEO of Saigon - Phu Yen Bridge &amp; Road Construction Investment Group JSC.
+ 02/2022 - present: Vice Chairman of BUSSIMED+ Medical Services and Investment JSC.

HHV share ownership rate: 0 shares, accounting for 0% of the total number of voting shares of the company.

Mrs. CAM THI MINH HAI Member of the Board of Supervisors

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1984 Nationality: Vietnamese Qualification: Bachelor of Business Accounting

## Work experience:

+  02/2020  -  05/2021:  Chief  Accountant  of  Deo  Ca Group JSC.
+ 06/2020 - present: Member of Board of Supervisors of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+  01/2022-  03/2023:  Chief  Accountant  of  Deo  Ca Construction JSC.

HHV share ownership rate: 0 shares, accounting for 0% of the total number of voting shares of the company.

Mrs. PHAN THI MAI Member of the Board of Supervisors

<!-- image -->

Year of birth: 1989 Nationality: Vietnamese Qualification: Bachelor of Laws

Work experience:

+ 05/2018 - present: Member of Board of Supervisors of Deo Ca Khanh Hoa BOT JSC.
+  December  2018  -  June  2022:  Member  of  Board  of Supervisors  of  Deo  Ca  Expressway  Operation  and Maintenance JSC.
+ 08/2019 -04/2022: Member  of  the Board of Supervisors of A2Z Construction Consulting JSC.
+ 04/2021 - present: Member of Board of Supervisors
- of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC.
+ 01/2022 - present: Head of Board of Supervisors of Phuoc Tuong Phu Gia BOT JSC.

HHV share ownership ratio: 0 shares, accounting for 0% of the company's total number of voting shares.

## 4.3. ACTIVITIES OF THE GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS (AGM)

## RESOLUTIONS/DECISIONS OF THE GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

| Resolution No  Date  Content  01/2022/NQ-DHDCD  April 24, 2022  - Approval of the Report of the Board of Man-agement on production  and business results in 2021 and the production and business plan in  2022; Report on operation results in 2021 and operation plan in 2022  of the Board of Directors and Board of Supervisors;  - Approval of the payment of remuneration to the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors in 2022;  - Approval of the 2021 Audited Separate Financial Statements and  Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company;  - Approval of the selection of an independ-ent auditing firm and au  -  thorizing the Board of Directors on the decision to select another au-  diting firm (if necessary) to audit the 2022 financial statements;  - Approval of profit distribution, dividend payment in 2021 and profit  distribution plan in 2022;  02/2022/NQ-DHDCD  April 24, 2022  Resignation and election of members of the Board of Directors.  03/2022/NQ-DHDCD  April 24, 2022  Approval of amendments and supplements to a number of articles of  the Company's Charter  04/2022/NQ-DHDCD  April 24, 2022  Approval of amendments and supplements to a number of Articles of  the Internal Regula-tions on Corporate Governance   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4.4. ACTIVITIES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## I. The implementation of AGM's resolutions

2022  is  a  year  with  many  difficulties  and  challenges for HHV's production and business activities. However, with the high spirit and responsibility on the basis of the strategic  management  principle  of  "Managing  people -  Managing works - Managing profits", the Board BoD has timely and flexibly deployed solutions to manage business activities, direct and administer with the main task of overcoming difficulties to maintain and develop production  and  operation.  In  which,  the  outstanding activities of the BoD are:

- Directing the implementation of reviewing, amending and supplementing internal regulations to serve as the basis for management and administration activities of the company such as: Charter, internal regulations on corporate  governance;  Internal  spending  governance; Regulations on personnel management; Internal audit regulations;….

-  Directing  the  successful organization of the 2022 online AGM in accordance with the provisions of law and the Company's  Regulations.  This  form  of  online  meeting not  only  helps  to  carry  out  the  epidemic  prevention and controll, but also ensures the organization of the AGM  on  time  to  approve  important  contents  for  the company's production and operation.

- On the basis of the development policy and orientation approved by the AGM, the BoD has assigned the 2022 targets  to  the  Board  of  Management  (BoM),  as  well as  closely  monitoring  and  supervising  the  progress of the implementation. At the same time, the BoD has promoted decentralization and delegation of powers to the CEO and the BoM to maximize self-determination, initiative and flexibility in performing and solving tasks of the Management but still ensuring the regular direction and supervision mechanism of the BoD still.

-The BoD has closely, regularly and promptly coordinated with the BoM and the Board of Supervisors in  directing  the  implementation  of  the  Resolutions of the General Meeting  of Shareholders and the BoD.  The  resolutions  of  the  AGM  and  the  BoD  were promptly implemented by the BoM and achieved many encouraging results: fundamentally completed the Company's main production and business targets such as:  The  construction  and  installation  of  packages  at projects (Cam Lam - Vinh Hao highway, Cam Lo - La Son highway, etc.) on schedule and with committed quality; the operation and  management  of  toll  collection, maintenance  and  overhaul  of  traffic infrastructure (Hai  Van,  Deo  Ca,  Cu  Mong,  Phuoc  Tuong  -  Phu  Gia tunnel,  Bac  Giang  -  Lang  Son  expressway,  National Highway 1A section through Khanh province, …) were well maintained, ensuring the predetermined plan; the operation  of  branches  (services  trading  Enterprise, mechanical processing,..) were ensured with continuity and  efficiency;  the  completion  the  additional  shares issuance to increase charter capital to more than VND 3,000 billion contributes to the capital mobilization for the development of the company.

The  organization,  management  and  control  system of  the  Company  were  maintained  and  strengthened continuously while the professional capacity and operational  effectiveness  were  constantly  improved. The restructuring of the organizational model, personnel

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

- under  the  authority  of  the  BoD  were  performed  well: Rearranging  the  organizational  structure,  duties  and authority of the Departments/Divisions; appointing new personnel in the BoD to ensure that the team of leaders at  all  levels  were  suitable  and  met  the  requirements of  management  and  administration  activities  of  the company during the year.
- Approving policies, investment activities, purchasing, trading, and liquidation…. of assets between the Company,  its  partners  and  related  parties  to  ensure compliance with the provisions of law and the Company's Charter and Regulations.
-  Proposing  many  practical  plans  and  solutions  to secure the capital and financial conditions to serve the operation during the year. Capital has been mobilized from  many  different  sources,  fundamentally  ensuring the continuous production and operation of the Company.
-  Deliberately directing the information disclosure and shareholder relations activities in full and in accordance with  the  law  and  HHV's  Regulation  on  information disclosure  with  the  goal  of  ensuring  transparency and  timely  communication  to  the  shareholders  and investors.
-  Activities  of  independent  members  of  the  BoD:  In 2022, independent members of the BoD have properly performed their  assigned  duties  and  authorities,  fully participated  in  meetings;  giving  opinions  and  casting votes  independently  on  issues  under  the  authority  of the BoD, especially the decisions of the BoD regarding transactions between HHV and related stakeholders to ensure the legitimacy, transparency, avoid conflicts of interests  and  protects  the  rights  of  the  shareholders; at  the  same  time,  participating  in  the  supervision  of the activities of the BoM in order to cooperate with the BoD  to  give  appropriate  directions  and  management solutions.

## II. Resolutions/Decisions of the Board of Directors in 2022

In  2022,  under  the  leadership  of  the  Chairman  of  the Board  of  Directors  (BoD),  the  BoD  held  32  meetings to  discuss  and  decide  on  issues  under  its  authority. Compared  to  2021,  the  number  of  meetings  of  the BoD  increased  by  more  than  170%,  showing  that the  BoD  has  increasingly  strengthened  its  roles  and responsibilities in the management and administration of  the  Company's  activities,  regularly  monitoring  and grasping the situation and promptly taking accurate and appropriate policies and decisions to help the Company overcome difficulties, boost production and operation, especially  during  the  post-pandemic  recovery  period and progress toward sustainable development.

Meetings of the BoD were held in accordance with the prescribed  procedures.  Minutes  of  the  meeting  were made fully and resolutions are approved in compliance with the Charter, Regulations of the Company and the provisions of the Law. Through the meetings, the Board of  Directors  unanimously  issued  57  Resolutions  to implement  the  passed  decisions.  Resolutions  of  the Board of Directors were required to be disclosed in full and on time, specifically as followed:

| Resolution No  Date  Content  Resolution No.  01/2022/NQ-HDQT  January 10, 2022  Approval of the reference price of HHV shares on the first trading day  at the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange.  Resolution No.  02/2022/NQ-HDQT  January 20, 2022  Promulgation of the Company's Internal Audit Regulations  Resolution No.  03/2022/NQ-HDQT  January 20, 2022  Approval of changing the number of official seals of the Company  Resolution No.  04/2022/NQ-HDQT  January 20, 2022  Appointment of person in charge of corporate governance  Resolution No.  05/2022/NQ-HDQT  January 20, 2022  Appointment of a representative of the Company to attend and vote  at the General Meeting of Shareholders of Phuoc Tuong Phu Gia BOT  JSC  Resolution No.  06/2022/NQ-HDQT  January 24, 2022  Approval of the policy of investment and procurement of assets and  equipment of the Company  Resolution No.  07/2022/NQ-HDQT  January 24, 2022  Approval of the signing/implementation of contracts and transac-  tions between the Company and Deo Ca Group JSC. - parent  com-pany, related parties of HHV BoD member (related to Cam Lam  - Vinh Hao Expressway Construction Project)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Resolution No  Date  Content  Resolution No.  08/2022/NQ-HDQT  February 14, 2022  Appointment of the title "Permanent Vice CEO" to Mr. Tran Van Chi  Resolution No.  09/2022/NQ-HDQT  February 14, 2022  Appointment of title "Vice CEO" for Mr. Le Chau Thang  Resolution No.  10/2022/NQ-HDQT  February 24, 2022  Approval  of  the  convening  of  the  Annual  General  Meeting  of  Shareholders in 2022  Resolution No.  11/2022/NQ-HDQT  February 28, 2022  Through  the  establishment  of  the  Management  and  operation  of  Trung Luong - My Thuan Expressway Enterprise - Branch of Deo Ca  Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC. in Tien Giang province  Resolution No.  12/2022/NQ-HDQT  March 03, 2022  Approval of the new seal form of the Company  Resolution No.  13/2022/NQ-HDQT  March 18, 2022  Appointment of a representative of the Company to attend and vote  at the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders in 2022 of Bac  Giang - Lang Son - Huu Nghi BOT JSC  Resolution No.  14/2022/NQ-HDQT  March 28, 2022  Approval of the Regulation on organizing the 2022 Annual General  Meeting of Shareholders by online and electronic voting  Resolution No.  15/2022/NQ-HDQT  March 28, 2022  Approval of the agenda and documents of the 2022 Annual General  Meeting of Shareholders  Resolution No.  16/2022/NQ-HDQT  April 14, 2022  Approval of the list of candidates to be elected to the Board of Di-  rectors at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in 2022  Resolution No.  17/2022/NQ-HDQT  April 29, 2022  Election of Vice Chairman of the BoD for Mr. Nguyen Huu Hung   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Resolution No  Date  Content  Resolution No.  18/2022/NQ-HDQT  April 29, 2022  Establishment of the Company's Internal Audit Committee  Resolution No.  19/2022/NQ-HDQT  April 29, 2022  Approval of the contract and transaction between the Company and  Deo Ca Group JSC. - the parent company, the related  party  of  the  member of the BoD (business cooperation contract on Trung Luong -  My Thuan Expressway Project)  Resolution No.  20/2022/NQ-HDQT  April 29, 2022  Approval of the contract and transaction between the Company and  Deo Ca Construction JSC. - a related party of the member of BoD (the  contract to the transfer of land use rights and assets attached to the  land)  Resolution No.  21/2022/NQ-HDQT  April 29, 2022  Approval of the contract and transaction between the Company and  Deo Ca Real Estate JSC. - a related partie of the member of the BoD  of HHV (the contract for the transfer of land use rights and assets  attached to the land)  Resolution No.  22/2022/NQ-HDQT  April 29, 2022  Approval  of  the  detailed  plan  of  shares  offering  to  existing  share-  holders  Resolution No.  23/2022/NQ-HDQT  May 13, 2022  Approval of the nomination of candidates for election to the BoD and  the Board of Supervisors; appoint a representative of the Company to  attend and vote at the 2022 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  of Bac Giang - Lang Son BOT JSC  Resolution No.  24/2022/NQ-HDQT  May 13, 2022  Approval of all registration documents for shares offering to exist-ing  shareholders  Resolution No.  25/2022/NQ-HDQT  May 16, 2022  Approval of the contract and transaction between the Company and  Deo Ca Group JSC. - the parent company, the related  party  of  the  member of the BoD of HHV (the contract is related to Package 2 of  the coastal road construction project in Binh Dinh province, Cat Tien  - Diem Van section)  Resolution No.  26/2022/NQ-HDQT  May 16, 2022  Approval  of  the  nomination  of  candidates  for  election  to  the  BoD  and the Board of Supervisors; appointment of a representative of the  Company to attend and vote at the 2022 Annual General Meeting of  Shareholders of Deo Ca Investment JSC.  Resolution No.  27/2022/NQ-HDQT  May 16, 2022  Appoint a representative of the Company to attend and vote at the  2022 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Deo Ca Khanh Hoa  BOT Investment JSC.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Resolution No  Date  Content  Resolution No.  28/2022/NQ-HDQT  May 27, 2022  Approval  of  the  contract  and  transaction  between  the  Company  and Deo Ca Group JSC. - parent company, related party of HHV BoD  member (property lease contract)  Resolution No.  29/2022/NQ-HDQT  May 27, 2022  Approval of contracts and transactions between the Company and ICV  Vietnam Construction and Investment JSC. - an associate company,  related party of HHV members of the BoD (commodity purchase and  sale contract)  Resolution No.  30/2022/NQ-HDQT  May 27, 2022  Approval of contracts and transactions between the Company and ICV  Vietnam Construction and Investment JSC. - an associate company,  related parties of HHV members of the BoD (processing contract)  Resolution No.  31/2022/NQ-HDQT  May 31, 2022  Approval of the contract and transaction between the Company and  Deo Ca Group JSC. - the parent company, the related  party  of  the  member of the BoD of HHV (the contract for the sale and pur-chase  of mechanical products for the construction of Package 12-XL under  Mai Son - National Highway 45 project)  Resolution No.  32/2022/NQ-HDQT  May 31, 2022  Approval of the contract and transaction between the Company and  the Bac Giang - Lang Son BOT JSC. - a subsidiary and related party  of the member of the BoD of HHV (the contract related to the Bac  Giang - Lang Son Expressway Project combined with enhancing the  pavement of National highway 1)  Resolution No.  33/2022/NQ-HDQT  June 2, 2022  Approval of the Regulation on salary and other compensation to the  employees  Resolution No.  34/2022/NQ-HDQT  June 9, 2022  Approval of contracts and transactions between the Company and  related  party:  Deo  Ca  Investment  JSC,  Bac  Giang  -  Lang  Son  BOT  JSC, Phuoc Tuong Phu Gia BOT JSC, Deo Ca Construction JSC, Trung  Luong - My BOT JSC Thuan, Deo Ca Khanh Hoa BOT Invest-ment JSC.  (contract for repair, operation and maintenance of traf-fic works)  Resolution No.  35/2022/NQ-HDQT  June 9, 2022  Approval of contracts and transactions between the Company and  related parties: Hai Thach Group JSC., Deo Ca Construction JSC. (car  rental contract)  Resolution No.  36/2022/NQ-HDQT  June 10, 2022  Approval  of  the  detailed  plan  for  shares  offerings  to  existing  shareholders (amended and supplemented)  Resolution No.  37/2022/NQ-HDQT  June 16, 2022  Approval  of  the  borrowing  from  related  party  to  serve  production  and operation: Deo Ca Group JSC, Hai Thach BOT Investment JSC,  Northern Infrastructure Investment JSC   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Resolution No  Date  Content  Resolution No.  38/2022/NQ-HDQT  June 16, 2022  Approval of the organization the internal audit; Internal audit plan for  the last 7 months of 2022 of the Internal Audit Committee  Resolution No.  39/2022/NQ-HDQT  June 17, 2022  Approval  of  the  company  signing/implementing  a  business  coop-  eration contract with Cam Lam - Vinh Hao Expressway JSC.  Resolution No.  40/2022/NQ-HDQT  June 20, 2022  Approval of the detailed plan for shares offering to existing share-  holders (amended and supplemented)  Resolution No.  41/2022/NQ-HDQT  June 21, 2022  Approval of the registration documents for the public offering  Resolution No.  42/2022/NQ-HDQT  June 23, 2022  Approval of the Company's signing/implementing of contracts and  transactions between the Company and Deo Ca Construction JSC. -  a related partie of HHV's BOD members (construction contract, sale  and rental contract)  Resolution No.  43/2022/NQ-HDQT  July 1, 2022  Approval of the Company's signing/implementing of contracts and  transactions between the Company and Deo Ca Construction JSC. -  related parties of members of Bo (construction contract, sale contract,  rental contract and related service contract for Cam Lam - Vinh Hao  expressway construction project)  Resolution No.  44/2022/NQ-HDQT  August 22, 2022  Approval of the investment policy in the company's fixed assets  Resolution No.  45/2022/NQ-HDQT  August 22, 2022  Approval  of  the  policy  of  signing/implementing  contracts  and  transactions between the company and related parties  Resolution No.  46/2022/NQ-HDQT  August 22, 2022  Approval of contract and transaction between the company and Deo  Ca Security JSC.  Resolution No.  47/2022/NQ-HDQT  August 22, 2022  Approval of the establishment of a representative office in Hanoi   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Resolution No  Date  Content  Resolution No.  48/2022/NQ-HDQT  August 22, 2022  Approval  of  the  establishment  of  a  representative  office  in  Ho  Chi  Minh City  Resolution No.  49/2022/NQ-HDQT  September 14, 2022  Approval of the signing/implementing the appendix of the business  cooperation contract between the company and Cam Lam - Vinh Hao  Expressway JSC.  Resolution No.  50/2022/NQ-HDQT  October 06, 2022  Approval of the selection of the last registration date to close the list  of shareholders exercising the rights of public offering  Resolution No.  51/2022/NQ-HDQT  October 26, 2022  Approval of the seal sample of the company's representative office  in Hanoi  Resolution No.  52/2022/NQ-HDQT  October 26, 2022  Approval of the seal sample of the company's representative office in  Ho Chi Minh City.  Resolution No.  53/2022/NQ-HDQT  October 26, 2022  Approval of the purchase of uniforms between the company and Deo  Ca Group JSC  Resolution No.  54/2022/NQ-HDQT  October 26, 2022  Approval  of  processing  contract  between  the  company  and  ICV  Vietnam Construction and Investment JSC.  Resolution No.  55/2022/NQ-HDQT  November 23, 2022  Approval of contracts/transaction between the company and Deo Ca  Group JSC. related to the construction of Mai Son - NH45 Expressway  project  Resolution No.  56/2022/NQ-HDQT  December 10, 2022  Approval of the results of the public offering to existing shareholders  and canceling the issuance of all undistributed shares  Resolution No.  57/2022/NQ-HDQT  December 19, 2022  Approval of the change of charter capital, amendment and supplement  the company's charter   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## III. Supervision activities of the BoD on the BoM

Since the beginning of 2022, the Chairman of the Board of Directors (BoD) convened a meeting to summarize and evaluate the results of the management activities of the BoD in 2021. The BoD developed and assigned the management and supervision tasks of the BoD in 2022 to  ensure  compliance  with  the  provisions  of  the  law, the Company's Charter, Regulations, and Resolutions/ Decisions of the AGM and the BoD and be consistent with the actual situation of the company at each stage of  development.  The  management  and  supervision activities of the BoD towards the Board of Management (BoM) are carried out through the following contents: Directing, supervising and enforcing the BoM  to implement  projects,  investment  activities,  production and  business  development  plans  in  2022  of  HHV  in accordance with the Resolutions and Decisions of the AGM and the BoD. At the same time, strengthening the management of production and business activities of subsidiaries  and  divisions  to  ensure  compliance  with the objectives and conditions of each unit. The BoD has requested the BoM to strictly implement the  regime of periodical and extraordinary reports on the  company's  operation  in  order  to  promptly  detect, direct and overcome shortcomings, improve operating efficiency and completing the approved targets. Implementing  management  and  supervision  through the activities  of  the  members  of  the  BoD:  From November  1,  2021,  the  AGM  approved  to  elect  Mr. Nguyen  Quang  Huy  -  CEO  as  a  Member  of  the  BoD. Thus,  through  the  management,  administration  and reporting  of  the  CEO,  the  BoD  monitored,  directed and  supervised  the  activities of  the  BoM  directly and  continuously.  In  addition,  the  BoD  has  assigned members to attend regular  and  ad  hoc  briefings  and other  important  meetings  of  the  BoM  to  check  and evaluate  their  performance.  The  BoD  also  discussed and  gave  opinions  on  guidance  and  criticism  to  the BoM so that they could promptly adjust orientation and overcome difficulties to achieve the targets; Oversighting through the activities of the Internal Audit Committee, Administrator: Strictly implementing current regulations on corporate governance and internal audit  of  listed  companies,  the  BoD  has  appointed the  Administrator  and  established  the  Internal  Audit Committee, promulgating the Company's Internal Audit Regulations  and  Procedures.  Through  the  activities and  reports  of  the  Internal  Audit  Committee  and  the

The BoD has requested the BoM to strictly implement the regime of periodical and extraordinary reports on the company's operation  in  order  to  promptly  detect, direct and overcome shortcomings, improve operating efficiency and completing the approved targets.

Administrator,  the  BoD  has  regularly  monitored  and supervised the activities of the BoM and the activities of  the  departments,  divisions  and  units  affiliated  to the  company. Thereby,  helping  the  BoD  to  check  and detect  the  limitations  and  difficulties  in  all  aspects of  the  Company's  activities  in  order  to  promptly  give appropriate  directions  and  decisions  to  help  improve the effectivenes and operation of the Company.

Directing and closely supervising the preparation, auditing and issuance of information disclosure of Quarterly, Semi-Annual and Annual Financial Statements for 2022; Report on corporate governance in 2021 and the first 6 months of 2022; Annual report for 2021 and other important reports of the Company. Proposing to select a qualified and reputable auditing firm to audit the financial statements and other reports of the company to ensure compliance with regulations. Directing the preparation and organization of the 2022 AGM and other activities related to shareholders. The assigned members of the BoD have regularly monitored the  information  disclosure  and  shareholder  relations activities of the BoM in accordance with the provisions of the Laws and Regulations on information disclosure. Ensuring relevant information was publicized transparently and timely for shareholders and investors to participate in supervising the company.

Directing and supervising the organization and arrangement of apparatus and personnel in the BoM and in departments, divisions and affiliated units. In 2022, in response to the requirements of the management and administration of production and operation aspects of the Company, the Board of Directors agreed to appoint 02 additional Vice CEOs to strengthen the management capability of the Company. As a result, it has helped to further  improve  the  management  and  administration capability of the BoM, to meet the goal of expanding the scale and developing HHV's advantagous aspects which are investment in transport infrastructure projects,  construction,  installation  and  O&amp;M  of  large transport infrastructure works.

<!-- image -->

## IV. Change of the BOD personnel

In  2022,  the  Annual  General  Meeting  of  Shareholders approved the dismissal and election of 02 replacement members of  the  Board  of  Directors  according  to  the Resolution  No.  02/2022/NQ-DHDCD  dated  April  24, 2022, specifically as followed:

- Dismissing the titles of members of BOD for Mr. Tran Van The - Vice Chairman of the BoD and Mr. Ha Huy Hung - Independent member of the BoD.
-  Electing  Mr.  Nguyen  Huu  Hung  and  Mr.  Ho  Quang Loi  as  members  of  the  Board  of  Directors  to  replace members who have been dismissed. In which: Mr. Ho Quang Loi is the independent member of the Board of Directors  and  Mr.  Nguyen  Huu  Hung  was  elected  as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors by the Board of Directors according to Resolution No. 17/2022/NQHDQT dated April 29, 2022.

## V. Activities of internal audit committee

Currently, the BoD has 01 sub-committee, namely, the Internal Audit Committee. The BoD has approved and promulgated the Internal Audit Regulation, the process of  organizing  the  internal  audit  and  the  internal  audit plan for the last 7 months of 2022, setting the foundation for the operation of the Internal Audit Committee. According  to  the  Regulations,  processes  and  plans approved by the BoD, the Internal Audit Committee has well  implemented  its  assigned  roles  and  tasks.  The thematic audits are carried out to ensure completeness, focus  and  meet  the  set  requirements.  Through  the auditing, the Internal Audit Department promptly detected  shortcomings  and  warned  of  risks,  thereby making  recommendations  for  remedial  measures  to ensure  the  company's  internal  control  system  was established  and  operated  reasonably,  in  accordance with the actual conditions of the Company.

<!-- image -->

## 4.5. ACTIVITIES OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS

## I. Supervision activities on the Board of Directors

Right  from  the  beginning  of  2022,  the  BoD,  the  BoM and  the  BoS  held  a  meeting  to  discuss  the  results of  the  actual  conditions,  policy  and  orientation  of corporate  governance,  management,  investment  and production activities, financial affairs and other regular activities  of  the  Company  in  order  to  help  the  BoS monitor and grasp the situation, promptly develop an appropriate inspection and supervision plan during the year.  Through  the  process  of  inspection  and  review, the  BoS  assessed  that  the  BoD  in  general  and  each individual member of the BoD in particular had properly and deliberately performed their duties, functions and authority  in  accordance  with  the  Laws,  Charter  and Regulations of the Company and assigned by the AGM. The Company's governance and management activities were precise and in timely manner to improvise with the  requirements  of  the  actual  situation,  ensuring consistency and efficiency, in line with the interests of shareholders  and  the  development  of  the  Company, demonstrating through the results:

The  BoD  successfully  held  the  online Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders  in  2022,  while  ensuring good  compliance  with  regulations  on prevention of the epidemic. The company was able to maintain uninterrupted operation  plan  as  important  decisions are still approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders in a timely manner.

a)  In  2022,  the  BoD  convened  the  AGM  to  approve important guidelines and  decisions in production and  business  activities  of  the  Company.  The  AGM was convened and organized in accordance with the order  and  procedures  as  prescribed  by  law  and  the Company's Charter. In particular, due to the influence of  the  Covid-19  epidemic  situation,  the  BoD  decided and successfully held the online Extraordinary General Meeting  of  Shareholders  in  2022,  while  ensuring good compliance with regulations on prevention and control of the epidemic. The company has maintained uninterrupted  operation  plan  as  important  decisions were still approved by the AGM in a timely manner. b)  Resolutions  and  Decisions  approved  by  the  AGM during the year were directed and organized by the BoD to  ensure compliance with regulations. Currently, the resolutions of the AGM on investment, production and business  development  plans  in  2022,  amendments and supplements to the Charter, internal regulations on corporate governance, etc. have been implemented and completed on time. The resolution on increasing charter capital by shares offering to existing shareholders has been implemented, increasing the company's charter capital to 3,078,044,500,000 VND. There are no cases where  the  Resolutions  and  Decisions  of  the  AGM during the year was not implemented.

c)  All  meetings  of  the  BoD  and  other  meetings  of the  Company  in  2022  were  notified  and  relevant documents  was sent to the BoS to ensure integrity and timeliness as prescribed in the internal regulations on corporate  governance.  The  BoS  sent  representatives to attend the meeting in full to supervise, participate in  exchanges  and  discussions  at  the  meetings  to ensure the compliance, legality and rationality of the adopted  resolutions  and  decisions.  At  the  meetings of the BoD, the BoS highly appreciated the deliberate, straightforward and independent working spirit of the members of the BoD. The resolutions and decisions of  the  BoD  were  approved  in  accordance  with  the prescribed order and procedures, ensuring the accuracy,  systematic,  and  suitability  with  the  actual situation.  Discussions  by  members  of  the  BoD  were highly  professional  and  considerate in  every  aspects of the matter.

## II.  Supervision  activities  on  the  Board of Management

In the past year, the Board of Management (BoM) has deliberately and promptly implemented the guidelines and resolutions of the AGM, the resolutions, decisions and  directions  of  the  BoD  in  production,  business and  management  activities.  During  the  performance of  assigned  tasks  and  authority,  the  BoM  regularly cooperated  and  created  favorable  conditions  for  the BoS to supervise and inspect the operation regularly and continuously. Through inspection and supervision, the BoS assessed as follows:

The  CEO  and  members  of  the  BoM  have  properly performed their functions, tasks and authrority, ensuring  the  deliberation  and  strict  compliance  with the law and the Charter and Regulations in operation, management and organization of investment, production and business development activities. Investment activities, contracts, transactions of great value, which directly affect the financial position of the Company and other important issues are reported to the AGM or the BoD for approval in accordance with assigned  authority  prior  to  implementing.  It  helped ensure the principles and fiduciary duty, honesty and avoid  conflicts  of  interest  in  corporate  governance activities.

The BoM has deliberately and promptly implemented the principles in coordinating activities with the BoS; created essential and sufficient conditions for the BoS to  perform  its  duties  and  powers  in  inspecting  and supervising the Company's operations and other tasks assigned  in  accordance  with  the  Company's  Charter and legal regulations.

## III. Supervision on the shareholders

During  the  past  year,  the  BoS  did  not  receive  any complaints of shareholders about the operation of the company, the BoD or the Management in general.

## IV. Summary of meetings of the Board of Supervisors

The  BoS  held  02  meetings  to  discuss  and  reach  an agreement on the contents of the strategic supevision every  6  months  to  tackle  the  shortcomings  in  the supervisory tasks.

The BoS members attended fully and performed their roles deliberately and responsibly.

<!-- image -->

## 4.6. ACTIVITIES OF INTERNAL AUDIT COMMITTEE

## I. The Committee structure

As at December 31, 2022, the Internal Audit Committee consists of 03 personnel, including: 01 head and 02 members, specifically as follows:

| Name  Position  Ms. Vi Thi Mai  Head of Internal Audit Department  Mr. Nguyen Hoang Hai  Member of Internal Audit  Mr. Nguyen Manh Cuong  Member of Internal Audit   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## II. Duty of the Committee

Develop and update internal audit regulations and procedures of the enterprise to submit to the Board of Directors for approval.

Prepare annual internal audit plan and submit it to the Board of Directors for approval.

Carry out internal audits and internal audit consulting according to the approved plan.

Report the results of the internal audit and recommend measures to remedy errors and propose measures to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the governance, risk management and internal control processes.

Monitor the implementation of audit recommendations

Regularly develop, edit, supplement and complete the internal audit methods and scope of internal audit activities to be able to update and keep up with the development of the business.

## III. Key activities in 2022

In 2022, the Internal Audit Department carried out the following main activities:

-  Participate  in  drafting  and  promulgating  Internal  Audit  Regulations  and  Procedures  for  implementation  at  the Company in accordance with the general provisions of Internal Auditing Standards.
- Perform internal audit according to the audit plan approved by the Board of Directors and report on audit results, monitor and evaluate corrective actions at the relevant Departments and Enterprise.
- Conduct independent consultations of the Board on issues related to issues and difficulties in the regular operation of the Company for the Management and specialized Departments.
- Reviewing the regulations, policy and professional processes of the Audited Departments and Enterprises. At the same time, propose amendments and adjustments to the contents to be consistent with the provisions of the current Law and the actual operation situation at the Departments and Enterprise.

## IV. Change of the committee personnel

| Name  Position  Note  Mrs. Vi Thi Mai  Head of Internal Audit  Appointed on April 29, 2022  Mr. Nguyen Hoang Hai  Member of Internal Audit  Appointed on April 29, 2022  Mr. Nguyen Cong Cuong  Member of Internal Audit  Appointed on April 29, 2022  Resigned on September 6, 2022  Mr. Nguyen Manh Cuong  Member of Internal Audit  Appointed on June 27, 2022   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4.7. TRANSACTIONS, REMUNATION AND BENEFITS OF BOD, BOM, BOS

## TRANSACTIONS, REMUNATION AND BENEFITS

| No.  Name  Position  Remuneration  (VND/month)  No. of  months  Remuneration in  2022 (VND)  I  BOARD OF DIRECTORS  1,739,000,000  1  Mr. Ho Minh Hoang  Chairman  30,000,000  12  360,000,000  2  Mr. Nguyen Tan Dong  Vice Chairman  20,000,000  12  240,000,000  3  Mr. Tran Van The  Vice Chairman  20,000,000  3.8  76,000,000  4  Mr. Nguyen Huu Hung  Vice Chairman  20,000,000  6.2  163,000,000  5  Mr. Vo Thuy Linh  Member  15,000,000  12  180,000,000  6  Mr. Tran Chung  Member  15,000,000  12  180,000,000  7  Mr. Nguyen Quang Huy  Member  15,000,000  12  180,000,000  8  Mr. Ha Huy Hung  Independent member  15,000,000  3.8  57,000,000  9  Mr. Hoang Van Hai  Independent member  15,000,000  12  180,000,000  10  Mr. Ho Quang Loi  Independent member  15,000,000  8.2  123,000,000  II  BOARD OF SUPERVISORS  348,000,000  1  Mr. Nguyen Minh Giang  Head  15,000,000  12  180,000,000  2  Mrs. Cam Thi Minh Hai  Member  7,000,000  12  84,000,000  3  Mrs. Phan Thi Mai  Member  7,000,000  12  84,000,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total remuneration in 2022 of the BoD and the BoS:

2,087,000,000

## TRANSACTION OF THE INSIDERS

| No.  Name  Relations with  insiders  No. of shares at the  begining  No. of shares at the end  Reason  for  change  No. of  shares  Ratio  No. of shares  Ratio  1  Nguyen Quang Huy  Insider holding  the position  of Member  of the Board  of Directors,  CEO, Legal  representative of  HHV  0  0%  230,000  0.07%  Buy  shares  2  Nguyen Tan Dong  Insider holding  the position of  Vice Chairman  of the Board of  Directors of HHV  0  0%  120,000  0.04%  Buy  shares  3  Phan Thi Mai  Insider holding  the position of  Member of Board  of Supervisors  HHV  0  0%  4,000  0.00013%  Buy  shares  4  Tran Tan Huy  Insider holding  the position  in charge of  corporate  governance  0  0%  500  0.000001%  Buy  shares  5  Hai  Thach  Invest-  ment BOT JSC.  Major  shareholder and  related partie of  HHV insider  67.783.125  25.35%  103,666,250  33.68%  Exercis-  ing the  right to  buy ad-  ditional  shares  6  Tran Thi Thu Hien  Related partie  of Mr. Ho  Minh Hoang -  Chairman of  the Board of  Directors of HHV  0  0%  45,000  0.01%  Buy  shares  7  Truong Minh Don  Related partie  of Mr. Tran Van  Dung - Vice CEO  of HHV  0  0%  15,400  0.005%  Buy  shares   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TRANSACTION BETWEEN HHV AND RELATED PARTIES; OR HHV WITH MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS, INSIDERS AND RELATED PARTIES OF INSIDER

| No.  Name of  organization/  individual  Relationship with the  company  Transaction content  1  Hai  Thach  Investment BOT JSC  Major  shareholder  and  the  related  partie  of  HHV insiders  + Interest expense incurred: VND 10,125,677,282;  + Hai Thach Investment BOT JSC contributes capital  to HHV through the exercise of the right to buy shares  according to the offering for shares, existing shareholders:  VND 358,831,250,000;  + HHV loan repayment: VND 69,288,600,000.  2  Deo Ca Group JSC  Parent  company  and  the  related  partie  of  HHV insiders  + Sales revenue: VND 83,256,826,074;  + Payment of expenses for buying goods and services:  VND 68,932,268,995.  3  Deo Ca Group JSC  Parent  company  and  the  related  partie  of  HHV insiders  + HHV borrowing: VND 70,300,000,000;  + HHV loan repayment: VND 51,995,000,000;  + Interest expense: VND 4,195,368,235;  + Business cooperation: VND 221,530,970,000.  4  ICV  Vietnam  Construction  and  Investment JSC  Associated Company  Payment for purchasing materials (stones, concrete, and  other construction materials): VND 22,067,076,702.  5  Bac  Giang  -  Lang  Son BOT JSC  Subsidiary  and  the  related  partie  of  HHV  insiders  + Revenue from maintenance and overhaul of tunnels and  roads: VND 28,697,745,236;  + Revenue from operating toll stations: VND  28,594,007,275;  + Revenue from construction and installation: VND  3,495,650,926.  6  Bac  Giang  -  Lang  Son BOT JSC  Subsidiary  and  the  related  partie  of  HHV  insiders  + Long-term investment: VND 120,011,400,000;  + Deposit capital contribution: VND 102,000,000,000.  7  Deo  Ca  Investment  JSC  Subsidiary  and  the  related  partie  of  HHV  insiders  + Revenue from operating toll stations: VND  23,867,680,132;  + Revenue from tunnel maintenance and overhaul:  VND 228,324,365,253.  8  Deo  Ca  Investment  JSC  Subsidiary  and  the  related  partie  of  HHV  insiders  HHV contributed capital to Deo Ca Investment JSC:  VND 80,342,730,000.  9  Phuoc  Tuong  Phu  Gia BOT JSC  Subsidiary  and  the  related  partie  of  HHV  insiders  + Revenue from maintenance and overhaul of tunnels and  roads: VND 20,997,974,074;  +  Revenue  from  construction  and  installation  activities:  VND 2,714,947,222;  + Revenue from operating toll stations: VND 6,064,235,944;  + Advance dividend: VND 30,474,062,712.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| No.  Name of  organization/  individual  Relationship with the  company  Content, quantity, total transaction value  10  Phuoc Tuong Phu Gia  JSC BOT  Subsidiary and the related  partie of HHV insiders  + Revenue from tunnel and road maintenance and overhaul  activities: VND 5,894,700,000;  + Revenue from operating toll booths: VND 7,251,628,470;  +  Revenue  from  middle  school  activities:  VND  7,129,715,519.  11  Deo  Ca  Investment  JSC  Subsidiary  and  the  related  partie  of  HHV  insiders  Car rental revenue: VND 95,454,546.  12  Phuoc  Tuong  Phu  Gia BOT JSC  Subsidiary  and  the  related  partie  of  HHV  insiders  Security service fee: VND 27,149,203,000.  13  Hoang  Long  C o n s t r u c t i o n  Consulting JSC  The  related  partie  of  Member  of  the  BoD,  CEO Nguyen Quang Huy  until March 24, 2022  Business car rental: VND 106,363,638.  14  Trung  Luong  My  Thuan BOT JSC  The  related  partie  of  Chairman  of  the  BoD  Ho  Minh  Hoang,  Vice  Chairman  of  the  BoD  Nguyen Tan Dong, Head  of  BoS  Nguyen  Minh  Giang  + Car rental revenue: VND 109,090,908;  + Revenue from maintenance and overhaul of tunnels and  roads: VND 23,861,084,943;  + Revenue from operating toll stations: VND 6,226,212,504.  15  Deo Ca Expressway  Management  and  Exploitation JSC  The  related  partie  of  Vice  Chairman  of  the  BoD  Nguyen  Huu  Hung,  Member  of  the  BoD Vo Thuy Linh, CEO  Nguyen  Quang  Huy,  Standing  Vice  CEO  Tran  Van  Chi,Vice  CEO  Le  Chau  Thang,  Chief  Accountant  Nguyen  Van  An,  Vice  CEO  Nguyen  Quynh  Mai,  Administrator  Tran  Tan  Huy  +  Revenue  from  construction  and  installation  activities:  VND 2,332, 030,555;  + Revenue from processing products, supplying materials  and all kinds of goods: VND 65,480,163.  16  Deo Ca Construction  JSC  The  related  partie  of  Vice  Chairman  Nguyen  Huu  Hung,  Member  of  BoS Cam Thi Minh Hai  +  Revenue  from  construction  and  installation  activities:  VND 87,608,092,712;  + Equipment and vehicle rental revenue: VND 569,528,620;  + Cost of materials and labor: VND 58,149,428,473;  + Equipment and vehicle rental cost: VND 2,902,503,412.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN HHV INTERNAL PEOPLE AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES &amp; AFFILIATED COMPANIES

| No.  Name of organization/  individual  Title  Relationship with the  company  Name of subsidiary,  affiliates  Contents of transactions  1  Nguyen Tan Dong  Vice  Chairman  of the  BoD  Insider  Phuoc Tuong Phu  Gia BOT JSC  Remuneration of the  BoD: 60,000,000 VND  2  Nguyen Huu Hung  Vice  Chairman  of the  BoD  Insider was elected  as a member of the  BoD  from  April  24,  2022  Deo Ca Khanh  Hoa BOT  Investment JSC:  Remuneration of the  BoD: 369,000,000 VND  3  Tran Van The  Vice  Chairman  of the  Board  Insider  ceased  to  be members of the  BoD  from  April  24,  2022  Phuoc Tuong Phu  Gia BOT JSC  Remuneration of the  BoD: 3,333,333 VND  4  Vo Thuy Linh  Member  of the  BoD  Insider  Deo Ca  Investment JSC  Remuneration of the  BoD: 144,000,000 VND  5  Tran Chung  Member  of the  BoD  Insider  Deo Ca  Investment JSC  Remuneration of the  BoD: 144,000,000 VND  6  Nguyen Minh Giang  Head of  BoS  Insider  Deo Ca Khanh  Hoa BOT  Investment JSC:  Remuneration of the  BoS: 180,000,000 VND  7  Phan Thi Mai  Member  of BoS  Insider  Phuoc Tuong Phu  Gia BOT JSC  Remuneration of the  BoS: 56,666,667 VND  Deo Ca Khanh  Hoa BOT  Investment JSC:  Remuneration of the  BoS: 120,000,000 VND   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN INSIDERS, RELATED PARTY OF INSIDER, AND HHV'S SUBSIDIARIES &amp; ASSCOCIATES

| No.  The entity  Relations with  insiders  The insider  position  Name of  subsidiary,  company  controlled by  HHV  Transaction  content  Transaction  value (VND)  1  Deo  Ca  I n v e s t m e n t  JSC  Vo Thuy Linh  Member of  the BoD  Phuoc Tuong  Phu Gia BOT  JSC  Revenue  sharing  303,013,804,713  Tran Chung  Member of  the BoD  Nguyen Minh Giang  Head of  BoS  2  Deo Ca Group  JSC  Ho Minh Hoang  Chairman  of the  Board  Cost of Air  Tickets  29,747,265  Nguyen Tan Dong  Vice Chair-  man of the  BoD  Vo Thuy Linh  Member of  the BoD  Cost of  surrendering  and training  staff  47,366,000  Nguyen Quang Huy  CEO, Mem-  ber of the  BoD  Nguyen Huu Hung  Vice Chair-  man of the  BoD  3  Deo Ca Group  JSC  Ho Minh Hoang  Chairman  of the BoD  Deo Ca Invest-  ment JSC  Cost of  buying,  selling and  providing  services  64,199,154,018  Nguyen Tan Dong  Vice Chair-  man of the  BoD  Vo Thuy Linh  Member of  the BoD  Advance  payment,  payment for  construction  and services  23,075,659,000  Nguyen Quang Huy  CEO, Mem-  ber of the  BoD  Nguyen Huu Hung  Vice Chair-  man of the  BoD  4  Phuoc  Tuong  Phu  Gia  JSC  BOT  Nguyen Tan Dong  Vice Chair-  man of the  BoD  Shared BOT  fee revenue  327,820,000,000  Nguyen Quang Huy  Member of  BoD, CEO  Phan Thi Mai  Member of  BoS  No.  The entity  Relations with  insiders  The insider  position  Name of  subsidiary,  company  controlled by  HHV  Transaction  content  Transaction  value (VND)  5  Deo Ca Group  JSC  Ho Minh Hoang  Chairman  of the  Board  Bac Giang Lang  Son BOT JSC  Airfare, other  expenses  1,610,903,384  Nguyen Tan Dong  Vice Chair-  man of the  BoD  Vo Thuy Linh  Member of  the BoD  Nguyen Quang Huy  CEO, Mem-  ber of the  BoD  Nguyen Huu Hung  Vice Chair-  man of the  BoD  6  Deo Ca Group  JSC  Ho Minh Hoang  Chairman  of the  Board  ICV Vietnam  Construction  and Investment  JSC  Production,  trade and  service  revenue  157,540,831,333  Nguyen Tan Dong  Vice Chair-  man of the  BoD  Vo Thuy Linh  Member of  the BoD  Nguyen Quang Huy  CEO, Mem-  ber of the  BoD  Nguyen Huu Hung  Vice Chair-  man of the  BoD  7  Deo  Ca  Construction  JSC  Nguyen Huu Hung  Vice Chair-  man of the  BoD  Total sales of  production,  trade and  services  16,579,210,535  Cam Thi Minh Hai  Member of  BKS  8  Deo Ca Group  JSC  Ho Minh Hoang  Chairman  of the  Board  Deo Ca - Khanh  Hoa BOT JSC  Cost of Air  Tickets  311,194,886  Nguyen Tan Dong  Vice Chair-  man of the  BoD  Vo Thuy Linh  Member of  the BoD  Nguyen Quang Huy  CEO, Mem-  ber of the  BoD  Nguyen Huu Hung  Vice Chair-  man of the  BoD   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4.8. THE ASSESSMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE BASED ON THE ASEAN SCORECARD

| No.  Question  Is this Policy  available?  Is this  Policy  practiced?  Is this  practice  announced?  Is this practice  published in  English?  A  Shareholders' rights  A.1.1  Does the company pay dividends (annual interim and year-end)  on an equal and timely basis; that is, all shareholders are treated  equally  and  are  paid  within  30  days  after  being  announced  (i)  for midterm dividends and (ii) approved by shareholders at the  General Meeting of Shareholders (GMS) for year-end dividend? In  case the company announces the option to pay stock dividends,  does the company pay dividends within 60 days from the date of  announcement?  x  x  x  A.2.1  Change of company regulations?  x  x  x  A.2.2  Voting to issue more shares?  x  x  x  A.2.3  Transfer of all or a majority of the company's assets, resulting in  the sale of the company?  x  x  x  A.3.1  Shareholders have the opportunity to approve the remuneration  (fees, remuneration, other forms of benefits or other perks) or any  increase in remuneration for members of the BoD?  x  x  x  A.3.2  Does the company allow non-controlling shareholders the right to  nominate members of the BoD?  x  x  x  A.3.3  Does the company allow shareholders to elect member of the  BoD?  x  x  x  A.3.4  Does the company disclose the voting procedure used before the  meeting?  x  x  x  A.3.5  Do the minutes of the latest AGM record that shareholders have  a chance to ask questions. Are questions and answers recorded?  x  x  x  A.3.6  Does  the  company  announce  the  voting  results  including  the  number of votes for, against, and abstained for each draft content  of the latest AGM?  x  x  x  A.3.7  Has  the  company  announced  the  list  of  members  of  the  BoD  attending the latest AGM?  x  x  x  A.3.8  Does the company disclose that all members of the BoD and CEO  (if  CEO is not a member of the BoD) attended the most recent  AGM?  x  x  x  A.3.9  Does the company allow absentee voting?  x  x  x  A.3.10  Does the company use voting based on the number of votes of  shareholders  (not  by  show  of  hands)  for  all  resolutions  at  the  latest AGM?  x  x  x  A.3.11  Has the company announced the appointment of an independent  party (inspector, supervisor) to join the vote counting committee  to count and/or appraise votes at the AGM?  x  x  x  A.3.12  Does the company publicly announce on the next working day the  voting results for all resolutions in the most recent AGM?  x  x  x  A.3.13  Does the company notify the date of AGM and the Extraordinary  GMS at least 21 days in advance?  x  x  x   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| No.  Question  Is this Policy  available?  Is this  Policy  practiced?  Is this  practice  announced?  Is this practice  published in  English?  A.3.14  Does the company provide the basis and explanations for each  item  in  the  Draft  of  Resolution  that  needs  to  be  approved  by  shareholders in the notice of the AGM/documents of the AGM/  Draft and/or attached reports?  x  x  x  A.3.15  Are  shareholders  given  the  opportunity  to  contribute  the  content(s) to the agenda of the AGM?  x  x  x  A.1.16  Does the Company announced the appointment of an independent  party to count and/or assess votes at the AGM  x  x  x  A.3.17  Does the Company have at least 21 days' notice for all resolutions  x  x  x  A3.19  The Company shall provide the basis, information and explanation  for each item in the draft resolution voted by shareholders in the  notice of the AGM/AGM document/Draft and/or attached docs  x  x  x  A.5.1  Does  the  company  publicly  disclose  policies/practices  to  encourage  shareholders  including  institutional  shareholders  to  attend the AGM or participate and contribute to the Company's  activities?  x  x  x  B  Equal treatment of shareholders  B.1.1  Does each company's common stock have one vote?  x  x  x  B.1.2  In case the company has more than one class of shares, does  the company disclose the number of votes equal to each class of  shares (eg, through the website/report/stock exchange/website  of the regulatory authority)?  B.2.1  Each resolution in the most recent GMS is only related to one  content  of  the  draft  resolution,  that  is,  not  to  include  many  contents in the same resolution?  x  x  x  B.2.2  Was  the  notice  and  document  of  the  most  recent  AGM  fully  translated  into  English  and  published  on  the  same  day  as  the  local language document?  x  x  x  B.2.3  Biographies of the member of the BoD to be elected/re-elected  are provided (minimum age, training level, expertise, date of first  appointment, experience, and position in other listed companies)?  x  x  x  B.2.4  Is the auditor/audit firm to be elected/re-elected clearly identified?  x  x  x  B.2.5  Power of attorney to attend the GMS is provided easily?  x  x  x  B.3.1  Does the company have a policy that prohibits board members  and employees from profiting from undisclosed knowledge?  x  x  x  B.3.2  Are BOD members required to report transactions of company  shares within 3 working days?  x  x  x  B.5.2  In the event that shareholder approval is required through related  party transactions, the voting for approval must be voted on by  unrelated shareholders.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| No.  Question  Is this Policy  available?  Is this  Policy  practiced?  Is this  practice  announced?  Is this practice  published in  English?  C  The role of stakeholders  C.1.1  Disclose policies and practices to protect customer interests?  x  x  C.1.2  Disclose  the  policies,  practices  and  procedures  for  supplier/  contractor selection?  x  x  x  C.1.3  Disclose policies and practices, describing the company's efforts  to ensure its value chain is environmentally friendly or consistent  with promoting sustainable development?  C.1.4  Disclose policies and practices, describe the company's efforts  to engage with the communities in which it operates?  x  x  x  C.1.5  Disclose the company's anti-corruption policy and practices?  x  x  x  C.1.6  Disclose the policies and practices, describe how to protect the  interests of creditors?  x  x  x  C.1.7  Does  the  company  write  its  own  report/content  describing  its  efforts on environmental/ economic and social issues?  C.2.1  Does the company provide contact information on the company's  website or the Annual Report so that stakeholders (eg: customers,  suppliers, the public...) can use to speak up. about concerns and/  or complaints about possible violations of their rights?  x  x  x  C.3.1  Does  the  company  clearly  disclose  its  policies  and  practices,  health, safety, and welfare efforts for its employees?  x  x  x  C.3.2  Does the company clearly disclose policies and practices, efforts  on training and development programs for employees?  x  x  x  C.3.3  Does  the  company  have  a  reward  policy  associated  with  the  company's performance in the long term rather than in the short  term?  x  x  x  C.4.1  The Company has a whistleblower policy that includes a complaint  process for employees and stakeholders about illegal (including  corrupt)  or  unethical  behavior  and  provides  detailed  complaint  contact information. details mentioned on the company website  or annual report?  x  x  C.4.2  Does  the  company  have  a  policy  or  procedure  to  protect  employees/individuals  from  retaliation  for  disclosing  illegal/  unethical behavior?  x  x  D  Information disclosure and transparency  D.1.1  Does  shareholder  information  reveal  the  identities  of  owners  holding 5% or more shares?  x  x  x  x  D.1.5  Does the company disclose details of parent company, subsidi-  ary, associate, joint venture and special purpose enterprise/vehi-  cle (SPE)/ (SPV)?  x  x  x  D.2.1  The company's goals  x  x  x  x  D.2.2  Financial performance ratio  x  x  x  x  D.2.3  Non-financial performance metrics  x  x  x  D.2.4  Dividend Policy  x  x  x   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| No.  Question  Is this Policy  available?  Is this  Policy  practiced?  Is this  practice  announced?  Is this practice  published in  English?  D.2.5  Biographical details (minimum age, training level, expertise, first  date of appointment, relevant experience, and any other positions  held at other listed companies) of members of the BoD  x  x  x  D.2.7  Total remuneration of each member of the BoD  x  x  x  x  D.2.8  The annual report contains a statement that affirms the company's  full  compliance  with  the  corporate  governance  code  and,  in  the event of non-compliance, clearly identifies and explains the  reasons for the failure?  D.3.2  Does  the  company  disclose  the  name  of  the  related  parties,  relationship,  nature,  and  value  for  each  material/important  transaction?  x  x  x  D.4.1  Does the company disclose transactions of its shares by insiders  of the company?  x  x  x  D.5.1  Are audit and non-audit fees publicly available?  D.6.1  Quarterly report  x  x  x  D.6.2  Company website  x  x  x  x  D.6.4  Media information/press conference  x  x  x  D.7.1  Are  the  audited  annual  financial  statements  disclosed  to  the  public within 120 days from the end of the financial year?  x  x  x  x  D.7.2  Is the annual report made publicly available within 120 days of  the end of the financial year?  x  x  x  x  D.7.3  Is  the  truthfulness  and  integrity  of  the  annual  FS  confirmed  by  a member of the BoD and/or an authorized executive member?  x  x  x  x  D.8.1  Financial Statements (most recent quarter)  x  x  x  x  D.8.2  Documentation of analysts and media outlets  x  x  x  D.8.3  The annual report can be downloaded  x  x  x  x  D.8.4  Notice and documents of the GMS and/or Extraordinary GMS  x  x  x  D.8.5  Minutes of the GMS and/or Extraordinary GMS  x  x  x  D.8.6  The company charter can be downloaded  x  x  x  D.9.1  Does  the  company  disclose  contact  information  (eg  phone  number, fax, and email) of the officer/department responsible for  investor relations?  x  x  x  E  The responsibility of the Board of Directors  E.1.1  Does the company disclose the corporate governance regulations  /operating charter of the BoD?  x  x  x  E.1.2  Are the decisions that require the approval of members of the  BoD to be made public?  x  x  x  E.1.3  Are the roles and responsibilities of members of the BoD clearly  defined and disclosed?  x  x  E.1.4  Has the company announced its vision and mission reviewed and  updated?  x  x  x  x   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| No.  Question  Is this Policy  available?  Is this  Policy  practiced?  Is this  practice  announced?  Is this practice  published in  English?  E.1.5  Does  the  BOD  member  play  a  leadership  role  in  developing/  monitoring the company's strategy for at least one year?  x  x  E.1.6  Do members of the BoD have a process to review, monitor and  monitor the implementation of the company's strategy?  x  x  E.2.1  Are details of the Code of Ethics or Conduct publicly available?  x  x  x  E.2.2  Does the company disclose that all members of the BoD, senior  management and employees must comply with the code?  x  x  E.2.3  Does  the  company  disclose  how  to  implement  and  monitor  compliance with the Code of Ethics or Conduct?  x  x  E.3.2  Do members of the BoD meet at least six times a year?  x  x  x  E.3.3  Does each member of the BoD attend at least 75% of the BoD  meetings during the year?  x  x  x  E.3.4  Does  the  company  have  a  requirement  that  the  number  of  delegates  to  attend  must  be  at  least  2/3  of  the  number  of  members of the BoD for meetings that need to make decisions  of the BoD?  x  x  x  E.3.5  Does the company's non-executive BOD members meet privately  at least once a year without the presence of executive members?  E.3.6  Are documents for Board meetings provided to the Board at least  five working days prior to the Board meeting?  x  x  E.3.8  Is the company secretary trained in legal, accounting or corporate  secretarial practices and updated with new issues related to the  above contents?  E.3.12  Does  the  company  disclose  its  remuneration  policy/practice  (fees,  remuneration,  forms  of  in-kind  benefits  or  other  perks)  (i.e.  the  use  of  incentive  policies  and  short-term and long-term  performance indicators) for members of the BoD and the CEO?  x  x  x  E.3.13  Is  the  remuneration  structure  for  non-executive  BOD  members  publicly disclosed?  x  x  x  E.3.14  Does the  shareholder  or  the  BoD  approve  the  remuneration  of  executive board members and/or senior leaders?  x  x  x  E.3.19  Does  the  company  disclose  its  internal  control  process/risk  management system and periodically review the effectiveness of  these system?  x  x  x  E.3.20  Does the Annual Report/Corporate Governance Report disclose  that  the  BoD  has  reviewed  the  company's  key  control  points  (including operational, financial and compliance controls) and its  risk management system?  x  x  x  E.3.21  Does  the  company  disclose  how  it  manages  significant  risks  (such as financial, operational including information technology,  environment, social and economic)?  x  x  E.3.22  Does the Annual Report/Corporate Governance Report present  a  statement  by  a  member  of  the  BoD  or  the  Audit  Committee  on  the  adequacy  of  the  company's  internal  control  points/risk  management system?   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| No.  Question  Is this Policy  available?  Is this  Policy  practiced?  Is this  practice  announced?  Is this practice  published in  English?  E.4.4  Are the chairman's roles and responsibilities publicly available?  x  x  E.4.5  If the chairman is not an independent member of the BoD, does  the BoD elect the Lead independent director and is the role of this  position clearly defined?  E.5.2  Does the company have a policy to encourage BOD members to  participate in continuing or professional training programs?  x  x  Bonus  Bonus Questions  (B)B.1.1  Does  the  company  issue  a  notice  on  the  GMS  (with  detailed  agenda and explanatory notice), as notified to the Exchange, at  least 28 days before the meeting date?  x  x  x  (B)D.1.1  Are  the  audited  annual  financial  statements  made  publicly  available within 60 days of the end of the financial year?  x  x  x  x  Penalty Penalty questions  (P)A.1.1  Does the company negligently treat all shareholders fairly with  regard to share repurchases?  (P)A.2.1  Is  there  any  evidence  of  barriers  to  shareholders  not  communicating or consulting with other shareholders?  (P)A.3.1  Does the company include additional and unannounced content  on the agenda in the notice of the AGM/Extraordinary GMS?  x  x  x   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## PART V -  SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

<!-- image -->

124

DEO CA TRAFFIC INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT JSC.

2022 ANNUAL REPORT

125

## 5.1. HIGHLIGHTS OF 2022 REPORT

This is the first time HHV's Board of Directors has decided to include GRI in its 2022 Annual Report with the desire to provide transparent information and clear direction on corporate governance, inseparable from the goal of sustainable development.

Section 5 -  Sustainable  development in  the  2022  Annual  Report  of  Deo  Ca Traffic  Infrastructure  Investment  JSC follows closely the set of international standards for sustainable development reporting (GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards) - the latest version and the highest international standard on sustainability reporting published by the Global Sustainability Standards Board (GSSB) that are being widely applied in many countries around the world.

The content in this subsection is divided into 3 segments corresponding to 03 sets of standards including GRI 200 economic standards, GRI 300 - environmental standards and GRI 400 - social standards. A detailed refinement of the GRI's criteria to best match HHV's performance was considered prior to inclusion in the report.

THE GRI STANDARDS

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

By publishing this Report, HHV's Board of Directors hopes to bring useful information to shareholders and investors, contributing to bring the image of HHV and the values that HHV wants to convey to the local and international investor community.

<!-- image -->

## 5.2. ECONOMIC STANDARDS (GRI 200)

## GRI 201: Economic performance

## The value being created:

Consolidated net revenue in 2022: VND 2,094,583 million

## The value being allocated:

- Operational costs:

<!-- image -->

| No.  Expense  Value (Million VND)  1  Cost of goods sold  1,078,029  2  Interest expenses  647,600  3  Administration expenses  72,874  In which: Labor expenses  29,933  4  Other expenses  328  5  Corporate tax expense  56,522  Total expenses  1,855,353   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Details of production and business expenses by factor:

| No  Expense  Value (Million VND)  1  Material expenses  430,234  2  Labor expenses  287,435  3  Outsource expenses  156,005   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Undistributed enterprise value:

Net Profit After Tax in 2022 reached VND

297,409 million

<!-- image -->

Being allocated to:

Company Shareholders: VND 264,050 million

Non-controlling interests: VND 33,359 million

Undistributed earnings in 2022: VND 262,143 million

Cumulative undistributed earnings as at December 31, 2022: VND  820,521 million

Welfare and retirement regime:

Retired employees receive retirement benefits in accordance with the law.

Incentives from the Government: Pursuant to Article 16 of Decree No. 218/2013/ND-CP of the Government dated December 26, 2013 guiding the implementation of the Law on corporate income tax, HHV's project-based businesses are eligible for tax exemption for the first 4 years and a 50% reduction in tax payable for the next 9 years.

Until now, HHV's project-based businesses are still in the period of tax incentives.

## GRI 203: Indirect economic impact

INVESTMENTS FOR INFRASTRUCTURE (MAIN PROJECTS)

| No.  Name of project  Total investment  (billion VND)  HHV invested  capital (billion  VND)  Operation date  ## HHV as a direct investor  1  Phuoc Tuong- Phu Gia tunnel  1,559  272  2016  2  National  Highway  1  expansion  -  Khanh Hoa province  2,644  122  2016  3  Deo Ca tunnel  21,612  1,468  2018  4  Bac Giang Lang Son Expressway  12,188  1,022  2020   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## HHV as a construction contractor

| 5  Trung  Luong  -  My  Thuan  BOT  Expressway  12,668  No contributed  captial  2022  6  Cam Lam Vinh Hao BOT Expressway  8,925  Under  construction   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDIRECT IMPACTS OF THE ECONOMY ON THE COMPANY

## a. Negative:

As described in the S.W.O.T. analysis, the negative impact of the economy on HHV in 2022 as well as most businesses includes interest rate risk and inflation risk.

<!-- image -->

## b. Positive:

The adjustment of raw materials price will positively affect the Company in the transport infrastructure construction industry. HHV has its own advantages and opportunity to increase revenue and profit significantly thanks to upcoming key projects.

The government is planning to promote public investment this year thanks to the increased disbursement packages for the public investment sector.

## GRI 206: Anti-competitive conduct

There was no cases in 2022 regarding the obstruction of competitiveness or violation of the Law on anti-monopoly

129

<!-- image -->

## 5.3. ENVIRONMENTAL STANDARDS (GRI 300)

## GRI 307: Environmental compliance

The company did not violate any environmental laws and regulations and, therefore, did not incur any penalty fees. In addition, realizing that sustainable development goals associated with environmental protection for the prosperous future of the country, HHV has thoroughly organized  environmental  protection  at  the  office  and headquarters  and  project sites such  as: applying regulations  and  code  of  conduct  on  saving  energy and resources (electricity, water, petrol, etc.), directing the strict implementation of environmental protection measures at project sites (dust cover, noise reduction, etc.).

## 5.4. SOCIAL STANDARDS (GRI 400)

## GRI 401: Employment

Total number of new staffs: 515 peole, classified as:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The total number of employees being dismissed: 221 people, classified as

<!-- image -->

## Benefits for full-time employees:

The company fully participates in social insurance, health insurance and unemployment insurance for employees. Maternity and retirement benefits are settled in accordance with the Law on Labor and the Social Insurance Law. The company provides meals for employees with adequate food safety and hygiene.

## Maternity leave status

| No  Items  Quantity  Ratio  1  Total employees entitled to maternity  benefits  43  3.36%  2  Total employees taking maternity leave  43  3.36%  3  Total employees returning to work after  maternity leave  43  100%  4  Total employees return to work after  maternity continue to work for 1 year or  more  43  100%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

PART V

## GRI 402: Labor-management relationship

When there is a significant change to employees, the Company always follows the Law on Labor and agreements in the Labor Contract. Specifically, when there is a change in the organization, the Company must notify employees in advance:

- at least 45 days for an indefinite-term labor contract;
- at least 30 days for definite-term labor contracts with the terms of between 12 and 36 months;
- at least 03 working days for definite-term labor contracts with the terms of less than 12 months;

## GRI 403: Occupational health and safety

The Representative unit for employees atHHV is the Labor Union, whereby the Union represents the workers and protects the rights of workers of Company.

Regarding the safety and health of workers, there was no occupational accidents occurred in 2022. HHV also always ensures strict compliance to regulations on compensation and benefits for employees suffering from occupational accidents and diseases in accordance to the current legal documents, namely:

+) Law on Occupational Safety and Health;

+) Decree No. 88/2020/ND-CP dated July 28, 2020 guiding the implementation of a number of articles of the Law on Occupational Safety and Health on benefits for employees suffering occupational accidents and hazard;

+) Circular 28/2021/TT-BLDTBXH dated December 28, 2021 guiding the implementation of a number of articles of the Law on Occupational Safety and Health on benefits for employees suffering occupational accidents andhazard. In the collective labor agreement, the Company also clearly stipulates about labor safety for officers and workers. Officers and workers working on the construction sites are provided with protective clothing such as masks, gloves, boots, and work helmets. Protective clothing is provided at least 02 sets per year.

The company signs labor contracts in accordance with the law and pays full monthly insurance premiums such as health insurance, social insurance, unemployment insurance, body insurance, etc. for the employees of the Company according to current regulations.

## GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity

The 2022 statistics of personnel working at the Company show that the diversity of gender and age, as well as everyone's opportunities at work are always guaranteed at a relatively equal level to create a fair working environment for all of the staffs.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The number of managers in the Company is 95 , accounted for 7.4% of total workforce. In which, the number of male employee proportionate to 73% while that of female account for 27%.

<!-- image -->

At HHV, the basic salary is determined by job position and title, not by gender. HHV always ensures equal treatment between men and women throughout the process of building your corporate culture.

## GRI 406: Non-discrimination

In 2022 as well as throughout the development of the organization, the Company has not had any discrimination cases.

## GRI 407: Freedom of association, the right to join unions and collective bargaining

The company has organized a Labor Union and divisional unions in accordance with regulations.  The  union  always  protect  the  legitimate  rights  and  interests  of employees.

Employees of the Company have the rights to freedom of speech, freedom to join groups/organizations in accordance with the provisions of the Law.

## GRI 408: Child Labor

Company do not use child labor and absolutely oppose the illegal use of child labor.

## GRI 409: Forced or compulsory labor

At HHV, all employees are given favorable conditions to work with voluntary spirit, ensuring no forced labor.

## GRI 410: Security practices

Regarding security practices, HHV signs a service contract with a third party.  Personnel performing security services for HHV are also entitled to participate in training courses on HHV's corporate culture and values to ensure a professional and polite working style. They are trained and aware of the corporate culture and the code of conduct of Deo Ca.

## GRI 411: Indigenous Peoples' Rights

Throughout the history of HHV's business, with the characteristics of executing transport infrastructure projects in many regions with diverse cultures, the Company always respect for the rights of indigenous peoples.

## GRI 412: Human Rights Assessment

Bridges,  roads  and  infrastructure  projects  have  all  been  appraised  for  environmental  and social  impacts  and  also  approved  by  the  State  before  implementation.  Therefore, issues related to human rights are guaranteed for each project before operation.

## GRI 413: Local community

In addition to development  of  business  and  production, during the  year,  HHV  launched  fundraising  and  volunteering  activities, demonstrating  the  responsibility  to  society  such  as:  Supporting the  vaccine  fund,  buying  ventilators  for  the  hospitals  at  Ho  Chi Minh City, supporting the prevention and control of Covid - 19; the charity and humanitarian activities: building and contributing money,  utensils,  vehicles,  houses,  etc.  in  the  area  where  the Company's projects are located; assisting people in prevention and  overcoming  natural  disasters;  supporting  disadvantaged families during the Lunar New Year; supporting accident workers and difficult families,...

Regarding social  security,  HHV  actively  implements  projects  that promote well-being, aiming to improve people's lives.

## GRI 416: Client health and safety

Transport infrastructure products have no impact on health or food safety

## GRI 418: Privacy of client information

No complaints arise. The company always focuses on fulfilling the confidentiality obligations of partners/ clients. No cases of data loss and leakage.

## GRI 419: Socio-economic compliance

HHV always complies with the law and regulation.

No lawsuits or disputes arise. Pay taxes and fulfill obligations to partners, banks, related parties, etc. in full.

<!-- image -->

Specifically, the training requirements for security personnel are as follows:

+ Knowledge of Vietnamese law related to security;
+ Labor rules and regulations for protection;
+ Communication skills and command style;
+ Professional security services;
+ Professional management, control and use of support tools in accordance with the law;
+ Professional fire prevention and rescue;
+ Corporate culture and values of Deo Ca.

## PART VI -  FINANCIAL REPORT

<!-- image -->

136

DEO CA TRAFFIC INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT JSC.

2022 ANNUAL REPORT

137

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| ## DEO CA TRAFFIC INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT JOINT STOCK COMPANY  Consolidated financial report  For the financial year ending December 31, 2022  (audited)  ## CONTENT  PAGE  REPORT OF THE BOARD OF MANAGEMENT  140 - 143  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT  144 - 144  AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  Consolidated balance sheet  145 - 149  Consolidated income statement  149 - 150  Consolidated statement of cash flow  151 - 152  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  153 - 231   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REPORT OF THE BOARD OF MANAGEMENT

The Board of Management of Deo Ca Transport Infrastructure Investment Joint Stock Company (the 'Company') presents their Report and the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the FY 2022 ended on December 31, 2022.

## THE COMPANY

## 1. Form of ownership

Deo  Ca  Traffic  Infrastructure  Investment  JSC.  has  the  Enterprise  Registration  Certificate  0400101965  issued  by the Department of Planning and Investment of Da Nang City on June 24, 2010; registered for the 30th change on December 20, 2022.

The Company's shares were approved for listing under Decision No. 717/QD-SGDHCM dated December 23, 2021, and officially traded on January 20, 2022, at Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange with the stock symbol HHV. The number of listed securities is 307,804,450 shares.

Actual contributed capital As at December 31, 2022 is:

VND 3,078,044,500,000

The company's head office is at: Km11+500 road leading south of Hai Van tunnel, Hoa Hiep Bac ward, Lien Chieu district, Da Nang city, Vietnam.

## 2. Business sectors

Trade, service, construction

## 3. Principal activities

The main business lines of the Company are: Direct support services for railway and road transport: Management, operation, and maintenance of Hai Van, Deo Ca, Co Ma, Cu Mong, Phuoc Tuong Phu Gia road tunnel; management, operation,  and  maintenance  of  assigned  national  highways;  ensure  traffic  when  natural  disasters  occur  in  the assigned  area;  toll  collection  service;  Other  road  passenger  transport:  passenger  transport  business  along  fixed routes, including: transporting motorcycles, motorbikes, bicycles with the operator of such means and pedestrians through the road tunnel by specialized vehicle, passenger transport by bus; Construction of houses of all kinds; freight transport; Real estate activities with own or leased property; repair of prefabricated products; repair of machinery and equipment; repair of electrical equipment; repair of other equipment; Installation of machinery and industrial equipment; installation of electrical systems;

Construction  of public infrastructure; demolition; site preparation; other specialized construction  activities; construction completion and finishing; motor vehicle rental; machinery, equipment, and other tangible goods rental; wholesale of other machinery, equipment, and spare parts; wholesale of materials and other installation equipment in construction; cargo handling; manufacture of concrete and products from cement and gypsum; maintenance and repair of automobiles and other motor vehicles; accomodation services; management consulting; Manufacture of soft drinks; production of mineral waters and other bottled waters; supporting services related to tourism; mechanical processing; metal treatment and coating;

## REPORT OF THE BOARD OF MANAGEMENT

(continued)

## 4. The structure of the Company

| Company name  Beneficial rate  Voting rate  Invested capital  (VND)  Subsidiaries: 03 companies  Bac Giang - Lang Son BOT JSC.  68.34%  68.34%  1,022,315,050,000  Deo Ca Investment JSC.  72.09%  72.09%  1,566,373,980,000  Phuoc Tuong Phu Gia BOT JSC.  99.47%  99.47%  272,331,000,000  The joint venture, affiliated: 03 companies  ICV Vietnam Construction and Investment JSC.  21.95%  21.95%  13,500,000,000  Deo Ca Khanh Hoa BOT Investment JSC.  47.21%  50.00%  122,000,000,000  Bac Giang - Lang Son - Huu Nghi BOT JSC.  31.60%  31.60%  134,000,000,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Subsidiary divisions without legal dependent accounting status:

| Name  Address  Installation and Construction Enterprise  Hai Van Tunnel, Hoa Hiep Bac Ward, Lien Chieu  District, Da Nang City  Hai Van Trading Service Production Enterprise  Hai Van Tunnel, Hoa Hiep Bac Ward, Lien Chieu  District, Da Nang City  Hai Van Tunnel Management and Operation Enterprise  Hai Van Tunnel, Hoa Hiep Bac Ward, Lien Chieu  District, Da Nang City  Deo Ca Road Tunnel Management and Operation  Enterprise  Hao Son Hamlet, Hoa Xuan Nam Commune, Dong  Hoa District, Phu Yen Province  Cu Mong Road Tunnel Management and Operation  Enterprise  Long Thach Village, Xuan Loc Commune, Song Cau  Town, Phu Yen Province  Bac Giang - Lang Son Expressway Management and  Operation Enterprise  Km81+140, Bac Giang - Lang Son Expressway, Ho  Son Commune, Huu Lung District, Lang Son Province  Trung Luong - My Thuan Expressway Management and  Operation Enterprise  Tan Phong Hamlet, Tan Hoi Commune, Cai Lay Town,  Tien Giang Province  Representative Office in Hanoi  Floor 16, Office Building No. 265 Cau Giay Street,  Dich Vong Ward, Cau Giay District, Hanoi City  Representative Office in Ho Chi Minh City  32 Thach Thi Thanh, Tan Dinh Ward, District 1, Ho  Chi Minh City   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

The Company's consolidated business perfomance and financial position As at 31 December 2022 are presented in the attached Consolidated Financial Statements.

## EVENTS AFTER THE CLOSING DATE OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Board of Management of the Company confirms that there have been no material events occurring after December 31, 2022, up to the date of preparation that have not been reviewed for adjustment of figures or published in the consolidated financial statements.

## REPORT OF THE BOARD OF MANAGEMENT

(continued)

## BOARD OF  DIRECTORS,  BOARD  OF  MANAGEMENT,  BOARD  OF  SUPERVISORS,  LEGAL  REPRESENTATIVE,  AND CHIEF ACCOUTANT

## Members of the Board of Directors include:

| Appointed  Dismissed  Mr. Ho Minh Hoang  Chairman  08/08/2019  Mr. Nguyen Tan Dong  Vice Chairman  08/08/2019  Mr. Tran Van The  Vice Chairman  05/04/2019  24/04/2022  Mr. Nguyen Huu Hung  Vice Chairman  29/04/2022  Member  24/04/2022  Mr. Vo Thuy Linh  Member  21/07/2015  Mr. Tran Chung  Member  17/06/2020  Mr. Nguyen Quang Huy  Member  01/11/2021  Mr. Hoang Van Hai  Independent member  17/06/2020  Mr. Ha Huy Hung  Independent member  01/11/2021  24/04/2022  Mr. Ho Quang Loi  Independent member  24/04/2022  ## Members of the Board of Management include:  Appointed  Dismissed  Mr. Nguyen Quang Huy  General Directors  21/12/2020  Mr. Tran Van Chi  Permanent Deputy Director  14/02/2022  Mr. Vo Ngoc Trung  Deputy General Director  10/12/2020  Mr. Tran Van Dung  Deputy General Director  14/02/2021  Ms. Nguyen Quynh Mai  Deputy General Director  03/30/2021  Mr. Le Chau Thang  Deputy General Director  14/02/2022  ## The members of the Board of Supervisors include:  Appointed  Dismissed  Mr. Nguyen Minh Giang  Chairman  16/04/2018  Ms. Cam Thi Minh Hai  Member  17/06/2020  Ms. Phan Thi Mai  Member  26/04/2021  Legal representative:  Appointed  Dismissed  Mr. Nguyen Quang Huy  General Director  21/12/2020  Chief accountant:  Appointed  Dismissed  Mr. Nguyen Van An  17/06/2020   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## AUDITOR

Southern Auditing and Accounting Consulting Services Company Limited (AASCS) is the firm appointed to perform the audit of the Company's consolidated financial statements.

## DISCLOSURE OF THE RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD OF MANAGEMENT FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Board of Management of the Company is responsible for the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements, which give a true and fair view of the Company's operations, results of business operations, and cash flows for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2022. During the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Board of Management committed and complied to the following requirements:

- Develop and maintain internal control that the Board of Directors and the Board of Management determine is necessary to ensure the preparation and presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements are free from material misstatement due to fraudulance or mistake;

## REPORT OF THE BOARD OF MANAGEMENT

(continued)

## DISCLOSURE  OF  THE  RESPONSIBILITIES  OF  THE  BOARD  OF  MANAGEMENT  FOR  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

- Select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
- Make reasonable and prudent judgments and predictions;
- The significant accounting standards have been applied by the Company and there are no material deviations that need to be disclosed and explained in these Consolidated Financial Statements.
- Prepare and present financial statements based on compliance with current accounting standards, accounting regimes, and relevant regulations;
- Prepare the Consolidated Financial Statements on the going concern basis, unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Company will continue its business.

The  Board  of  Management  ensures  that  accounting  records  are  kept  that  disclose  the  financial  position  of  the Company with a true and fair view at any time and ensure compliance with current state regulations. At the same time, it is responsible for ensuring the safety of the Company's assets and taking appropriate measures to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

## OTHER COMMITMENTS

The Board of Management commits that the Company does not violate the obligation to disclose information as prescribed in Circular No. 96/2020/TT-BTC dated November 16, 2020, issued by the Ministry of Finance on guiding information disclosure on the stock market.

## APPROVAL OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

We, the Board of Directors, the Board of Management of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC. approve the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company.

On behalf of the Board of Management

Da Nang, March 20th, 2023 General Director

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDIT REPORT

Dear:

Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Board of Management of DEO CA TRAFFIC INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT JSC.

We have audited the Consolidated Financial Statements of Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC., prepared on March 20, 2023, from page 06 to page 94, including the Consolidated Balance Sheet As at December 31, 2022, the Consolidated Income Statement, the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the fiscal year ended at the same date and the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Responsibilities of the Board of Management

The Board of Management of the Company is responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company in a true and fair view in accordance with Vietnamese accounting standards, the Vietnamese Accounting regime for Enterprises, and relevant legal regulationas to the preparation and presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements and is responsible for the internal control that the Board of Management determines is necessary to enable the preparation and presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements are free from material misstatement whether due to fraud or to error.

## Responsibilities of the Auditor

Our  responsibility  is  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  based  on  our  audit.  We conducted our audit in accordance with Vietnamese auditing standards. These standards require that we comply with ethical standards and regulations, and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements have any material misstatements.

An  audit  includes  performing  procedures  to  obtain  audit  evidence  about  the  amounts  and  disclosures  in  the Consolidated  Financial  Statements.  The  audit  procedures  selected  depend  on  the  auditor's  judgment,  including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or to error. In making these risk assessments, the auditors consider internal control relevant to the Company's preparation and fair presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in order to design audit procedures, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and rationality of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.

## Auditor's opinion

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view, in all material respects, of the Company's consolidated financial position As at December 31, 2022, as well as the results of its consolidated business operation and  consolidated  cash  flows  for  the  year  ended  at  the  same  date,  in  accordance  with  Vietnamese  Accounting Standards, the Vietnamese Accounting regime for Enterprises, and other relevant legal regulations in preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements.

Ho Chi Minh City, March 20, 2023

<!-- image -->

## CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

As at December 31, 2022

| As at  Code  ASSET  Notes  31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  1,183,826,382,647  1,389,055,404,965  CURRENT ASSETS  110  Cash and cash equivalents  V.1  382,261,109,037  262,383,481,328  111  Cash  167,118,290,604  204,774,707,674  112  Cash equivalents  215,142,818,433  57,608,773,654  120  Short-term investments  72,830,731,676  70,208,972,303  123  Held-to-maturity investment  V.2a  72,830,731,676  70,208,972,303  130  Current account receivables  456,607,687,667  645,893,190,770  131  Short-term trade receivables  V.3  204,928,657,469  404,339,772,954  132  Short-term advances to supplier  V.4a  59,725,675,369  37,429,539,433  135  Short-term loan receivables  V.5  1,000,000,000  1,000,000,000  136  Other short-term receivables  V.6a  204,163,901,560  216,334,425,114  137  Provision for Current doubtful receivables  V.7  (13,210,546,731)  (13,210,546,731)  140  Inventories  160,745,755,816  38,283,709,106  141  Inventories  V.8  160,745,755,816  38,283,709,106  150  Other current assets  111,381,098,451  372,286,051,458  151  Short-term prepaid expenses  V.9a  25,508,020,223  221,286,052,685  152  Value-added tax deductible  85,754,167,155  148,478,994,259  153  Taxes and other receivable from the State  V.16  118,911,073  2,521,004,514  200  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  34,469,406,101,860  32,574,433,838,425  210  Long-term receivables  558,366,332,674  358,573,863,429  212  Long-term advances to suppliers  V.4b  200,877,103,117  232,915,325,487  216  Other long-term receivables  V.6b  357,489,229,557  125,658,537,942  220  Fixed assets  28,561,779,089,050  28,703,617,191,211  221  Tangible fixed assets  V.10  28,557,207,556,363  28,702,848,297,729  222  Cost  30,253,539,414,456  30,118,141,203,981  223  Accumulated depreciation  (1,696,331,858,093)  (1,415,292,906,252)  227  Intangible fixed assets  V.11  4,571,532,687  768,893,482  228  Cost  5,411,164,156  1,386,196,956  229  Accumulated depreciation  (839,631,469)  (617,303,474)  240  Long-term assets in progress  13,636,905,417  12,259,242,728  242  Construction in progress  V.12  13,636,905,417  12,259,242,728  250  Long-term investment  531,096,348,432  478,373,903,946  252  Investment in affiliates  V.2b  514,096,348,432  461,373,903,946  255  Held-to-maturity investments  V.2a  17,000,000,000  17,000,000,000  260  Other long-term assets  4,804,527,426,287  3,021,609,637,111  261  Long-term prepaid expenses  V.9b  4,783,759,644,909  2,998,429,434,682  262  Deferred tax assets  V.21a  4,196,320,355  4,153,710,142  269  Goodwill  V.13  16,571,461,023  19,026,492,287  270  TOTAL ASSETS  35,653,232,484,507  33,963,489,243,390   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

As at 31 December 2022 (continued)

| Code  CAPITAL  Note  31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  300  LIABILITIES  27,277,719,205,133  26,287,351,952,886  310  Current liabilities  3,857,252,850,108  3,234,517,131,998  311  Short-term trade payables  V.14a  1,094,900,651,814  1,129,432,579,788  312  Short-term advances  from customers  V.15  111,933,245,928  7,648,775,163  313  Taxes and statutory obligations  V.16  65,914,466,869  43,664,338,370  314  Employee Payables  13,722,454,189  11,610,951,228  315  Short-term accrued expenses  V.17a  1,111,635,262,121  1,219,139,570,799  318  Short-term unearned revenue  V18a  1,100,000,000 VND  -  319  Other short-term payables  V.19a  583,828,767,646  585,416,960,613  320  Short-term loans  V.20a  872,603,704,822  235,859,659,318  322  Bonus and welfare fund  1,614,296,719  1,744,296,719  330  Non-current liabilities  23,420,466,355,025  23,052,834,820,888  331  Long-term trade payables  V.14b  422,280,771,083  451,366,071,030  333  Long-term accrued expenses  V.17b  3,000,701,307,033  1,505,290,708,706  336  Long-term unearned revenue  V.18b  8,800,000,000 VND  -  337  Other long-term payables  V.19b  53,450,748,994  67,032,980,636  338  Long-term loans  V.20b  19,780,099,074,104  20,871,802,343,134  341  Deferred tax liabilites  V.21b  155,134,453,811  157,342,771,382  400  OWNER'S EQUITY  V.22  8,375,513,279,374  7,676,137,290,504  410  Owner's Equity  5,102,704,966,572  4,403,328,977,702  411  Owner's contributed capital  3,078,044,500,000  2,673,840,900,000  411a  - Common shares with voting rights  3,078,044,500,000  2,673,840,900,000  412  Share premium  (537,900,000)  (208,000,000)  418  Research &amp; Development Fund  7,148,483,380  4,851,321,687  421  Undistributed earnings  820,521,267,159  556,552,113,920  421a  - Cumulative undistributed earnings by the  end of prior year  558,377,930,998  287,678,877,300  421b  - Current year undistributed earnings  262,143,336,161  268,873,236,620  429  Non-controlling interests  1,197,528,616,033  1,168,292,642,095  430  Other sources of capital  3,272,808,312,802  3,272,808,312,802  432  Funds that form of fixed assets  3,272,808,312,802  3,272,808,312,802  440  TOTAL CAPITAL  35,653,232,484,507  33,963,489,243,390   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Da Nang, March 20, 2023

On behalf of the Board of Management General Director

Preparer

Chief accountant

DANG THI HUYEN

NGUYEN VAN AN

NGUYEN QUANG HUY

8

2

DEOCA

infrastructure

2

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

For the financial year ending December 31, 2022

| Code  Items  Note  2022  2021  VND  VND  01  Revenue from sales of goods and  provision of services  VI.1  2,094,582,751,424  1,861,340,178,631  02  Deductions  -  -  10  Net revenue  VI.1  2,094,582,751,424  1,861,340,178,631  11  Cost of goods sold and service provision  VI.2  1,078,028,599,115  936,332,401,985  20  Gross profit  1,016,554,152,309  925,007,776,646  21  Financial income  VI.3  5,444,5505,906  21,826,327,951  22  Financial expenses  VI.4  647,600,236,079  550,795,413,210  23  - In which: interest expenses  647,600,236,079  550,795,413,210  24  Profits in joint ventures and affiliates  52,722,444,486  11,386,457,188  26  General and administrative expenses  VI.5  72,874,475,153  94,936,165,786  30  Net profit from operating activities  354,246,391,469  312,488,982,789  31  Other income  VI.6  12,438,456  21,170,634,855  32  Other expenses  VI.7  327,869,704  471,664,486  40  Other profit/(loss)  (315,431,248)  20,698,970,369  50  Accounting profit before tax  353,930,960,221  333,187,953,158  51  Corporate income tax ('CIT') expenses  VI.9  58,772,545,135  50,178,806,699  52  Deferred tax expense  (2,250,873,784)  (7,638,038,868)  60  Profit after tax  297,409,288,870  290,647,185,327  Allocate to:  61  Shareholders of the Company  264,050,336,161  268,873,236,620  62  Non-controlling interest  33,358,952,709  21,773,948,707  70  Basic earnings per share  VI.10  982  1,006  71  Diluted earnings per share  VI.11  929  503   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Da Nang, March 20, 2023

On behalf of the Board of Management Chief accountant General Director

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Preparer

DANG THI HUYEN

NGUYEN VAN AN

<!-- image -->

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

(By indirect method)

For the financial year ended December 31, 2022

| Code  Notes  2022  2021  VND  VND  CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  01  Profit before tax  353,930,960,221  333,187,953,158  Adjustments for:  02  Depreciation of fixed assets  283,718,402,007  262,008,692,262  03  Provisions  -  (161,854,500)  05  Profit from investing activities  (58,166,950,392)  (56,308,557,339)  06  Interest expenses  647,600,236,079  550,795.413,210  08  Operating profit before changes in working  capital  1,227,082,647,915  1,089,521,646,791  09  Decrease/(increase) of Receivables  54,698,195,030  (136,557,326,662)  10  (Increase)/Decrease in inventories  (122,462,046,710)  34,439,454,665  11  Increase/(decrease) payables [excluding interest  payable, CIT payablesubmit]  72,942,930,052  (172,773,084,602)  12  (Increase or decrease the prepaid expenses  (3,447,703,216)  5,145,105,837  14  Interest paid  (827,555,226,137)  (641,036,577,482)  15  Corporate income tax paid  (36,138,362,996)  (17,553,062,468)  16  Other income from business activities  -  1,036,000,000  20  Net cash flow from operating activities business  365,120,433,938  162,222,156,079  CASH FLOW FROM INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES  21  Expenses to purchase and build fixed assets and  other Non-current assets  (196,901,788,609)  (238,841,815,462)  22  Income from liquidation and sale of fixed assets  and other Non-current assets  (2,700,000,000)  38,171,000,000  23  Spending on loans, buying debt instruments of  another unit  -  (1,000,000,000)  25  Expenses for capital contribution to other entities  -  (19,000,000,000)  27  Earn loan interest, dividends, and profits be  divided  5,444,505,906  21,826,327,951  30  Net cash flow from investing activities  (194,157,282,703)  (198,844,487,511)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

(By indirect method)

For the financial year ended December 31, 2022 (continued)

Da Nang, March 20, 2023 On behalf of the Board of Management

| Code  Notes  2022  2021  VND  VND  CASH FLOW FROM FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES  31  Income from issuing shares, receiving capital  contribution from owners possessive  403,873,700,000 VND  -  33  Income from Current and Non-current loans  499,241,081,047  799,719,015,674  34  Repayment of loan principal  (954,200,304,573)  (777,669,815,754)  40  Net cash flow from financing activities  (51,085,523,526)  22,049,199,920  50  Net cash flow for the year  119,877,627,709  (14,573,131,512)  60  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning  of the year  V.1  262,383,481,328  276,956,612,840  61  Effects of exchange rate changes on foreign  currency conversion  -  -  70  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the  year  V.1  382,261,109,037  262,383,481,328   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Preparer

<!-- image -->

Chief accountant

General Director

DANG THI HUYEN

NGUYEN VAN AN

NGUYEN QUANG HUY

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ending December 31, 2022

## I. CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COMPANY

## 1. Form of ownership

Deo Ca Traffic Infrastructure Investment JSC. has the Enterprise Registration Certificate 0400101965 issued by the Department of Planning and Investment of Da Nang City on June 24, 2010; registered for the 30th change on December 20, 2022.

The contributed capital As at December 31, 2022, is:

3,078,044,500,000 VND

The company's head office is at: Km11+500 road leading south of Hai Van tunnel, Hoa Hiep Bac ward, Lien Chieu district, Da Nang City, Vietnam.

## 2. Business sectors

Trade, service, construction.

## 3. Principal activities

The main business lines of the Company are: Direct support services for rail and road transport: Management, operation, and maintenance of Hai Van road tunnels; Road tunnels Deo Ca, Co Ma, Cu Mong road tunnels, Phuoc Tuong  Phu  Gia  road  tunnels;  management,  operation,  maintenance  of  assigned  national  highways;  ensure traffic when natural disasters occur in the assigned area; toll collection service; Other road passenger transport: passenger transport business along fixed routes, including: transporting motorcycles, motorbikes, bicycles with the operator of such means and pedestrians through the road tunnel by specialized means of transport. use and trade in passenger transport by bus; Construction of houses of all kinds; freight transport by road; trading in real estate, land use rights belonging to the owner, user, or lessee; repair of prefabricated products; Repair of machinery and equipment; Repair of electrical equipment; other equipment repairs; Installation of machinery and industrial equipment; installation of electrical systems;

Construction  of  public  works;  collapse;  Prepare  surface;  other  specialized  construction  activities;  finish construction; motor vehicle rental; leasing machinery, equipment, and other tangible goods; wholesale of other machinery, equipment, and spare parts; wholesale of materials and other installation equipment in construction; cargo handling; manufacture of concrete and products from cement and gypsum; maintenance and repair of automobiles and other motor vehicles; Short-stay services; management consulting activities; production of nonalcoholic beverages, mineral water; support services related to tourism promotion and organization; mechanical; metal treatment and coating;

## 4. Normal business cycle

The Company's normal production and business cycle is within 12 months.

## I. CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COMPANY (continued)

## 5. Company structure:

## List of Subsidiaries

| No  Company name  Address  Benefit rate  Voting rights  31.12.2022  01.01.2022  31.12.2022  01.01.2022  1  Bac Giang -  Lang Son BOT  JSC.  Floor 16, Office Tower,  Building No. 265 Cau  Giay, Dich Vong Ward,  Cau Giay District, City.  Hanoi Vietnam  68.34%  65.58%  68.34%  65.58%  2  Deo Ca  Investment JSC.  32 Thach Thi Thanh, Tan  Dinh Ward, District 1, Ho  Chi Minh City, Vietnam  72.09%  71.02%  72.09%  71.02%  3  Phuoc Tuong  Phu Gia BOT  JSC.  Lot 4 BT1, Me Tri Ha  Urban Area, Me Tri Ward,  Nam Tu Liem District,  City. Hanoi Vietnam  99.47%  99.47%  99.47%  99.47%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## The list of joint ventures and affiliates includes:

| No.  Company name  Address  Benefit rate  Voting rights  31.12.2022  01.01.2022  31.12.2022  01.01.2022  1  ICV Vietnam  Construction  and Investment  JSC.  32 Thach Thi Thanh, Tan  Dinh Ward, District 1, Ho  Chi Minh City, Vietnam  21.95%  21.95%  21.95%  21.95%  2  Khanh Hoa -  Deo Ca BOT  Investment JSC.  Floor 16, Building No.  265 Cau Giay, Dich Vong  Ward, Cau Giay District,  Hanoi City, Vietnam  47.21%  47.10%  50.00%  50.00%  3  Bac Giang -  Lang Son - Huu  Nghi BOT JSC.  20th floor, Building 109  Tran Hung Dao, Cua  Nam Ward, Hoan Kiem  District, Hanoi City,  Vietnam  31.60%  31.60%  31.60%  31.60%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Summary of activities of Subsidiaries and Affiliates:

## i. Bac Giang - Lang Son BOT JSC.

A  project  enterprise  implementing  BOT  contract  established  under  the  first  Certificate  of  First  Business Registration No. 0106987957 dated September 11, 2015; 16th modification dated November 22, 2022, issued by Hanoi Department of Planning and Investment.

## I. CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COMPANY (continued)

## 5. Company Structure (continued)

## i. Bac Giang - Lang Son BOT JSC. (continued)

Investment registration certificate No. 110/BKHDT-GNNDKDTTN issued on March 29, 2016, first modification dated October 19, 2016 on the approval of:

+ Investment and construction project of Bac Giang - Lang Son expressway section KM45+100 - KM 108 + 500 as well as overhaul of pavement of National Road 1 section Km1 + 800 - Km 106 + 500, Bac Giang province and Lang Son province in the form of a BOT contract.
+  The  scale,  design  frequency,  and  standards  of  the  Project  are  in  accordance  with  the  BOT  Investment Registration Certificate)

Capital structure of investment capital according to the financial plan:

+ Owner's Equity:

1,645,470,000,000 VND 10,543,195,000,000 VND

+ Borrowings

Total

12,188.665,000,000 VND

The investment capital is allocated according to the project's progress.

The project is being finalized and waiting for approval from the authorized State agency.

The contributed capital of the Company As at December 31, 2022, is:

1,495,847.400.000 VND

## ii. Deo Ca Investment JSC.

A project enterprise implementing BOT contract established under the first Business Registration Certificate No. 0104567756 dated April 5, 2010, issued by the Hanoi Department of Planning and Investment. The enterprise is operating under the 23rd modified business registration certificate issued by the Department of Planning and Investment of Ho Chi Minh City on December 30, 2022.

Modified  Investment  Certificate  No.  47/BKHDT-GCNDKDTTN/DC1  certified  by  the  Ministry  of  Planning  and Investment on June 20, 2017:

+ Road tunnel project via Deo Ca (including Deo Ca and Co Ma, Cu Mong, and Hai Van tunnel)

Decision No. 400/QD-BGTVT dated March 4, 2019, approving the adjustment of the financial plan of the Deo Ca road tunnel project (including Deo Ca and Co Ma, Cu Mong, and Hai Van tunnel);

The total project investment according to Appendix 09 of the Contract 26/HDXD-DEOCA with the Ministry of Transport signed on March 13, 2019, is VND 21,612 billion.

Captital structure according to the financial plan:

| + Owner's equity  1,749,864,583,000 VND  + Other capital:  1,438,432,378,000 VND  + Borrowings  13,375,708,235,000 VND  + State subsidiary  5,048,002,979,000 VND  Total  21.612,008,175,000 VND  The investment capital is allocated according to the project's progress.  The project is waiting for approval from the authorized State agency.  The contributed capital of the Company As at December 31, 2022, is:  2,172,792,730,000 VND   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## iii. Phuoc Tuong Phu Gia BOT JSC.

A project enterprise implementing BOT contract established under the first Enterprise Registration Certificate No. 0106205342 dated June 12, 2013; 9th modification dated February 22, 2021 issued by Hanoi Department of Planning and Investment.

## I. CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COMPANY (continued)

## 5. Company Structure (continued)

## iii. Phuoc Tuong Phu Gia BOT JSC. (continued)

Investment Registration Certificate No. 62/BKHĐT-GCNTTN dated October 17, 2013, by the Minister of Planning and Investment; first modification on August 17, 2015:

+ Investment and construction project of Phuoc Tuong and Phu Gia road tunnels, National Highway 1A, Thua Thien Hue Province;

Appendix to BOT Contract No. 06/11378/HD.BOT-BGTVT dated July 17, 2019, Appendix to BOT Contract No. 07/11378/HD.BOT-BGTVT dated April 23, 2021, between the Ministry of Transport and Phuoc Tuong Phu Gia Joint Venture (Investor) - Phuoc Tuong Phu Gia BOT JSC. on the construction investment project of Phuoc Tuong Phu Gia Road Tunnel, National Highway 1A, Thua Thien Hue Province:

+ The scale, design frequency, and standards of the Project are in accordance with the BOT Investment Registration Certificate

Capital structure according to the financial plan:

1,559,231,104,000 VND 262,000,000,000 VND 1,297,231,104,000 VND

+ Equity:

+ Borrowings:

The investment capital is allocated according to the project's progress.

The contributed capital of the Company As at December 31, 2022, is:

273,786,000,000 VND

## iv.  ICV Vietnam Construction and Investment JSC.

ICV Vietnam Construction and Investment JSC. obtained the Enterprise Registration Certificate No. 0401777280 issued by the Department of Planning and Investment of Da Nang City on 13/07/2016; 10th modification on November 24, 2022.

Business lines: Producing and trading in building materials.

The contributed capital of the Company As at December 31, 2022, is:

61,500,000,000 VND

## v. Khanh Hoa Deo Ca BOT Investment JSC.

A project enterprise implementing BOT contract established under the first Business Registration Certificate No. 0106159826 dated April 22, 2013; 5th modification on May 27, 2022, by Hanoi Department of Planning and Investment.

Investment Registration Certificate No. 60/BKHDT-GCNDTTN dated September 25, 2013:

+ Investment and construction project to expand Nantional Highway 1, section Km1374+525 - Km1392 &amp; Km1405 - Km1425, Khanh Hoa province in the form of BOT contract.

Decision No. 108/QD-BGTVT dated January 13, 2016, on the toll collection at Ninh An toll station Km1425+200 National  Highway  1  to  reimburse  the  investment  project  for  the  expansion  of  National  Highway  1,  section Km1374+525 - Km1392 and Km1405 - Km1425+500, Khanh Hoa province in the form of BOT contract:

+ The scale, design frequency, and standards of the Project is in accordance with the BOT Investment Registration Certificate)

Capital structure according to the financial plan:

+ Owner's equity:
+ Borrowings:

The investment capital is allocated according to the project's progress

The contributed capital of the Company As at December 31, 2022, is:

The project is waiting for approval by an authorized State agency.

2,644,478,000,000 VND 339,447.800.000 VND 2,305,030.200.000 VND

305,000,000,000 VND

## I. CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COMPANY (continued)

## 5. Company Structure (continued)

## vi. Bac Giang - Lang Son - Huu Nghi BOT JSC.

A project enterprise implementing a BOT contract established under the first Business Registration Certificate No. 0108311466 dated June 5, 2018. The Business Registration Certificate was modified for the 7th time on August 31, 2022, byHanoi Department of Planning and Investment.

+ Construction investment project component 2: Expressway from Huu Nghi - Chi Lang border gate (Km1+800Km44+749.67), Lang Son province

Huu Nghi - Chi Lang border gate expressway was invested in and built according to Decision No. 1833/QD-BGTVT dated June 14, 2016, of the Ministry of Transport. The People's Committee of Lang Son province approved the adjustment  and  supplementation  of  the  project  in  Decision  No.  1523/QD-UBND  dated  August  9,  2018,  and Decision No. 2018/QD-UBND dated October 15, 2018.

Decision No. 645/QD-UBND dated April 5, 2019, of the People's Committee of Lang Son Province approving the adjustment of the financial plan of component project 2 of the Bac Giang - Lang Son expressway construction investment  project,  section  Km1+800-Km108+500,  combined  with  overhaul  of  the  road  surface  of  National Highway 1, section Km1+800-Km106+500, Bac Giang province, and Lang Son province in the form of a BOT contract.

+ Scale, design frequency, and standards of the Project (according to the BOT Investment Certificate) Capital structure according to the financial plan:
+ Equity:
+ Borrowings:

8,743,000,000,000 VND 1,749,000,000,000,000 VND 6,994,000,000,000 VND

The investment capital is allocated according to the project's progress.

The contributed capital of the Company As at December 31, 2022, is:

424,000,000,000 VND

## List of affiliated units without legal status for dependent accounting:

| Unit name  Address  Construction and Construction Enterprise  Hai Van Tunnel, Hoa Hiep Bac Ward, Lien Chieu  District, Da Nang City  Hai Van Trading Service Production Enterprise  Hai Van Tunnel, Hoa Hiep Bac Ward, Lien Chieu  District, Da Nang City  Hai Van Tunnel Management and Operation Enterprise  Hai Van Tunnel, Hoa Hiep Bac Ward, Lien Chieu  District, Da Nang City  Deo Ca Tunnel Management and Operation Enterprise  Hao Son Hamlet, Hoa Xuan Nam Commune, Dong  Hoa District, Phu Yen Province  Cu Mong Road Tunnel Management and Operation  Enterprise  Long Thach Village, Xuan Loc Commune, Song Cau  Town, Phu Yen Province  Bac Giang - Lang Son Expressway Management and  Operation Enterprise  Km81+140, Bac Giang - Lang Son Expressway, Ho Son  Commune, Huu Lung District, Lang Son Province  Trung Luong - My Thuan Expressway Management  and Operation Enterprise  Tan Phong Hamlet, Tan Hoi Commune, Cai Lay Town,  Tien Giang Province  Representative office in Hanoi  Floor 16, Office Building No. 265 Cau Giay Street, Dich  Vong Ward, Cau Giay District, Hanoi City  Representative Office in Ho Chi Minh City  32 Thach Thi Thanh, Tan Dinh Ward, District 1, Ho Chi  Minh City   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## II. ACCOUNTING PERIOD AND CURRENCY

The annual accounting period begins on January 1 and ends on December 31 of each year.

The currency used in accounting records is Vietnam Dong (VND).

## III. ACCOUNTING STANDARDS AND REGIME

## 1. Accounting regime

The Company applies the corporate accounting regime issued in Circular No. 200/2014/TT-BTC dated December 22, 2014, Circular No. 202/2014/TT-BTC dated December 22, 2014, by the Ministry of Finance and additional guiding Circular.

## 2. Statement of Compliance to Accounting Standards and Regime

The  Company  has  applied  Vietnamese  Accounting  Standards  and  guiding  documents  issued  by  the  State. The Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared and presented in accordance with all provisions of each standard and circular guiding the implementation of the standard and the significant accounting regime.

## IV. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## 1. Types of exchange rates in accounting

## a) Exchange rate for transactions in foreign currencies

The actual exchange rate when buying and selling foreign currencies (foreign currency trading spot contracts, forward contracts, futures contracts, options contracts, swap contracts): the rate signed in the buying and selling foreign currencies contracts between the Company and commercial banks;

If the contract does not specify the payment rate, the enterprise shall record in the accounting books based on the following principles:

+ Actual exchange rate when contributing capital or receiving capital contribution: the foreign currency bid price of the bank where the enterprise opens an account to receive capital from investors at the date of capital contribution;
+  Actual  exchange  rate  when  recording  receivables:  is  the  bid  price  of  the  commercial  bank  where  the enterprise appoints customers to pay at the time the transaction occurs;
+ Actual exchange rate when recording a liability: is the ask price of the commercial bank where the enterprise intends to transact at the time the transaction occurs.
+ For purchases of assets or expenses that are settled in foreign currencies (not by accounts payable), the actual exchange rate is the bid price of the commercial bank where the Company makes payments.
+ The moving weighted average exchange rate is applied when collecting receivables, deposits, or settling payables in foreign currencies, determined by the exchange rate at the time of transaction.
+ Actual exchange rate differences of cash items denominated in foreign currencies are accounted for at the actual exchange rates at the time of transaction and recognized in financial revenue or expenses in the financial period.

## IV. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 1. Types of exchange rates in accounting (continued)

## b) The exchange rate when re-evaluating cash items denominated in foreign currencies

The actual exchange rate when re-evaluating cash items denominated in foreign currencies that are classified as  assets:  is  the  bid  price  of  foreign  currencies  at  commercial  banks  where  enterprises  regularly  conduct transactions at the time of preparation of the consolidated financial statements. For foreign currencies deposited in a bank, the actual exchange rate when re-evaluating is the bid price at the bank where the enterprise opens a foreign currency account;

The actual exchange rate when re-evaluating cash items denominated in foreign currencies which are classified as liabilities:  is  the  ask  price  of  the  foreign  currency  at  commercial  banks  at  the  time  of  preparation  of  the consolidated financial statements;

Exchange differences due to the re-evaluation of balances of cash items denominated in foreign currencies at the end of the year are accounted for at the actual exchange rates of the commercial bank where the enterprise regularly  transacts  at  the  time  of  preparation  of  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  and  the  remaining difference  after  clearing  the  increase  and  decrease  difference  is  recorded  in  financial  income  or  financial expenses in the period.

The  Company  is  not  allowed  to  distribute  profits  or  pay  dividends  on  exchange  rate  differences  due  to  reevaluation of foreign currency balances at the end of the accounting period of cash items denominated in foreign currencies.

## 2.  Cash and cash equivalents

## a) Cash

Cash are the entire amount of the Company's available cash at the time of report, including cash at hand, demand deposits in banks, and Cash in transit.

## b) Cash equivalents

Cash equivalents are investments with the maturity not exceeding 3 months from the investment date that are readily convertible to a predetermined amount of cash and are subject to no risk of conversion from the date of investment at the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.

## 3. Financial investments

Investments to improve the operational efficiency and capital use of the Company such as capital contribution to subsidiaries, joint ventures, affiliates, securities and other financial investments.

Investments are classified when preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements according to the following principles:

- Investments with remaining maturities of less than 12 months are classified as short-term.
- Investments with remaining maturities of more than 12 months are classified as long-term.

## a) Held-to-maturity investment

This investment does not reflect the types of bonds and debt instruments held for trading for profit.

## IV. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 3. Financial investments (continued)

## a) Held-to-Maturity Investments (continued)

Held-to-maturity investments include term deposits with banks (with a recovery period of 3 months or more), bills, promissory notes, bonds, and preferred shares that the issuer is obligated to repurchase at a specified time in the future and held-to-maturity loans to earn periodic interest and other held-to-maturity investments.

Provision for diminution of held-to-maturity investments: for held-to-maturity investments, if a provision has not been made in accordance with the law, the Company must assess the recoverability. Where there is firm evidence that  part  or  all  of  the  investment  may  be  unrecoverable,  the  loss  must  be  recognized  in  financial  expenses. This provision is made or reversed at the time of preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Where the amount of loss cannot be reliably determined, the diminution is not recorded and the recoverability of the investment must be disclosed in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## b) Investments in subsidiaries, affiliates

## Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries are entities over which the Company has the power to govern the financial and operating policies to obtain benefits from its activities, usually accompanied by an ownership interest in more than half of voting rights. The existence and effectiveness of potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible are  considered  when  evaluating  whether  the  Company  has  control  over  an  enterprise.  Subsidiaries  are  fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Company. The consolidation terminates from the time control ceases.

The acquisition  accounting  method  is  used  by  the  Company  to  account  for  the  acquisition  of  a  subsidiary. Acquisition costs are recognized at the fair value of the assets, the equity instruments issued, and the liabilities incurred or assumed at the date of the exchange, plus any expenses incurred directly related to the purchase. Identifiable  assets,  liabilities,  and  contingent  liabilities  recognized  in  a  business  consolidation  are  measured primarily at their fair value at the acquisition date, regardless of the interests of non-controlling shareholders. The excess of the purchase price over the net asset value is considered goodwill. If the the fair value of the net assets is greater than the cost of acquisition, the difference is recognized immediately in the consolidated statement of income.

In a multi-stage business consolidation, when goodwill or profits on a low-cost acquisition is determined, the cost of the investment in the subsidiary is calculated as the sum of the costs at the date of acquisition of the subsidiary plus the costs of previous exchanges have been revalued at fair value at the date of acquisition.

Transactions, liabilities,  and  unrealized  gains  and  losses  arising  between  entities  of  the  same  Company  are eliminated upon consolidation.

The accounting policies of subsidiaries are also changed if necessary to ensure consistency with the accounting policies of the Company.

## IV. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 3. Financial investments (continued)

## b) Investments in subsidiaries and affiliates (continued)

## Subsidiaries (continued)

The financial statements of the entities of the Company used for consolidation must be prepared for the same accounting period. If the accounting period end date is different, the time difference should not exceed 3 months. The financial statements used for consolidation must be adjusted for the effects of significant transactions and events that occurred in-between. The length of the reporting period and the difference in the timing of the financial statements must be consistent across periods.

## Non-controlling interests

The Company applies the same policy for transactions with non-controlling shareholders as transactions with outsiders.

Non-controlling interest is measured as a percentage of the non-controlling shareholder's share in the net assets of the acquired entity at the acquisition date.

Transactions that change the Company's percentage of ownership in a subsidiary without resulting in a loss of control are accounted for in the same manner as equity transactions. The difference between the change in the Company's share of the subsidiary's net assets and the expenditure or income from the divestment of the subsidiary is recognized in undistributed earnings under owner's equity.

Transactions that change the Company's percentage of ownership in a subsidiary resulting in a loss of control over the subsidiary, the difference between the value of the change in the Company's share of the company's net assets subsidiaries and expenditures or receipts from the divestment of subsidiaries are recognized in the consolidated income statement. The remaining ownership in this company will be accounted for as a normal financial investment or accounted for using the equity method since the parent company no longer holds control over the subsidiary.

## Affiliates

Affiliates are all companies in which the Company has significant influence but not control, usually expressed through holding from 20% to 50% of the voting rights in that company. Investments in affiliates are accounted for using the equity method and are initially recognized at cost. The Company's investment in an affiliate includes goodwill arising on the investment, less any accumulated impairments in assets.

The Company's distributed profits after investing in affiliates are recognized in the consolidated income statement. Accumulated changes after investments in affiliates are adjusted to the carrying amount of the investment. When the loss in the affiliate equals or exceeds the Company's interest in the affiliates, the Company will not recognize such loss unless obligations have arisen or have been paid to the affiliates.

## IV. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 3. Financial investments (continued)

## b) Investments in subsidiaries and affiliates (continued)

## Affiliates (continued)

The accounting policies of related parties are changed as necessary to ensure consistency with the accounting policies of the Company.

Unrealized  gains  or  losses  from  internal  transactions  between  the  Company  and  affiliated  parties  will  be eliminated to the extent commensurate with the Company's interest in related parties in accordance with current accounting regulations

## 4. Goodwill

Goodwill in the consolidated financial statements is the excess of the cost of the business combination over the Company's interest in the total fair value of the net assets of a subsidiary or affiliate at the investment transaction date. Goodwill acquired from the acquisition of a subsidiary is treated as an asset, amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life but not exceeding 10 years.

The goodwill derived from the acquisition of an investment in an affiliate is included in the carrying amount of the investment at the time of acquisition. The Company does not amortize this goodwill.

When selling an investment in a subsidiary or an affiliate, the residual value of the goodwill that has not been fully depreciated is included in the profit/loss resulting from the sale of the respective company.

The Company assesses the loss of goodwill at the subsidiary on an annual basis. Goodwill is recognized at cost less accumulated amortization less accumulated goodwill loss. If there is evidence that the loss of goodwill is greater than the annual allocation, then amortize it according to the amount of goodwill lost in the period in which it arises.

## 5. Accounts receivables

Receivables represent the carrying amount of receivables from customers, including trade payables arising from the sale of goods and provision of services; and other receivables of a non-commercial nature, unrelated to the sale of goods and provision of services. Provision for doubtful debts is made for each item for each receivable based on the overdue time to pay the principal according to the original debt commitment (not considering the debt extension between the parties), or based on the expected loss. Receivables that are determined to be uncollectible will be written off.

Receivables are classified as Current and Non-current on the consolidated balance sheet based on the remaining maturities of the receivables As at the date of the consolidated balance sheet.

## IV.SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 6. Inventories

Inventories are recorded at the cost. In case the net realizable value is lower than the original cost, it must be calculated according to the net realizable value. The cost of inventory includes the cost of purchasing, processing, and other directly attributable costs incurred to bring the inventory to its current location and condition.

Inventory value is determined using the weighted average method.

Inventories are accounted for using the perpetual inventory method.

Provision for devaluation of inventories: at the end of the accounting year, if the value of inventories cannot be recovered sufficiently due to damage, obsolescence, reduced selling prices, or the estimated cost of completing the product or selling products, the Company makes a provision for the devaluation of inventories. An allowance for devaluation of inventories is made as the difference between the cost of inventories and their net realizable value.

## 7. Tangible and intangible fixed assets

Tangible and intangible fixed assets are recorded at cost. In the course of use, tangible and intangible fixed assets are recorded at cost, accumulated amortization, and carrying amount.

The historical cost of tangible fixed assets due to construction includes: the cost of compensation and site clearance, construction cost, cost of equipment, cost of project management, cost of construction investment consulting,  Other  expenses,  and  loan  interest  are  capitalized  according  to  Accounting  Standard  No.  16. The capitalization of the historical cost of fixed assets related to BOT, BT projects.

- Historical cost of fixed assets formed from BOT projects:

Fixed  assets  are  temporarily  recorded  as  an  increase  in  their  historical  cost  since  the  results  of  the  State Acceptance Council are notified on the inspection results of the pre-acceptance work and put into operation and use. The quality of the basic items meets the approved design requirements, applicable standards, and technical instructions of the project, and is eligible for technical traffic to be put into operation and use.

The  Company will  adjust  the  entry  of  the  historical  cost  when  completing  the  settlement  of  items  with  the authorized state agency.

- Depreciation of fixed assets:

Tangible fixed assets (except for fixed assets formed from investment projects in the form of Build - Operate Transfer (BOT)) are depreciated on a straight-line basis. The depreciation period is determined in accordance with the provisions of Circular No. 45/2013/TT-BTC dated April 25, 2013, of the Ministry of Finance guiding the regime of management, use, and depreciation of fixed assets, and Circular No. 28/2017/TT-BTC dated April 12, 2017, and Circular 147/2016/TT-BTC dated October 13, 2016, modifying and supplementing a number of articles of Circular No. 45 /2013/TT-BTC dated April 25, 2013, of the Ministry of Finance guiding the regime of management, use, and depreciation of fixed assets.

## IV. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 7. Tangible and intangible fixed assets (continued)

Depreciation is charged on a straight-line basis for fixed assets not formed from BOT projects. The estimated amortization period is as follows:

| - House, building materials  10 - 50 years  - Equipment and machinery  03 - 20 years  - Means of transportation  06 - 30 years  - Equipment, management tools  03 - 10 years  - Indefinite land use rights  No depreciation  - Other fixed assets  10 years   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Investment properties are recorded at cost. Investment properties are depreciated like other fixed assets of the Company, except for the case of investment property waiting for a price increase, the depreciation is not depreciated but the value of loss due to a decrease in value is determined.

## Depreciation of assets from BOT and BT projects:

For investment projects in the form of Build - Operate - Transfer (BOT), the time of depreciation of fixed assets is determined as the time of operation and return of investment capital of the investor in the project. Depreciation of fixed assets formed from the project at the rate corresponding to the annual revenue in accordance with the period of operation and toll collection of the project reimbursement (similar to the method of depreciation by quantity and weight of product). The determination of the value of fixed assets formed from the project shall comply with the provisions of the law on capital construction investment.

## 8. Construction in progress

Construction in progress of the project is recognized on the historical cost basis. This cost includes: Cost of compensation and site clearance, construction cost, equipment cost, project management cost, construction investment consulting cost, other expenses, and loan interest expense being capitalized in accordance with Standard  16  -  Actual  incurred  interest  expense  and  accrued  from  the  time  the  Project  is  implemented  in accordance with the decision of the Ministry of Transport approving the BOT project and contract signed between the Ministry of Transport and the project enterprise.

## 9. Build-operate-transfer contracts (BOT)

Build-operate-transfer contract ('BOT contract' for short) is a form of investment signed between a authorized state agency and an investor for the construction of infrastructure; after the construction is completed, investors and project enterprises are entitled to operate the infrastructure for a certain period; At the end of the time limit, the investor or the project enterprise shall transfer the work to authorized state agency.

## 10. Business cooperation contracts

A business cooperation contract (BCC) is an agreement between parties to jointly carry out economic activities but does not form an independent legal entity. The receiver of assets and the parties contributing to BCC activities shall account for this amount as a liability and not recognized in equity. BCC has the following forms:

## IV. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 10. Business cooperation contracts (BCC) (continued)

- BCC in the form of jointly controlled assets;
- BCC in the form of jointly controlled business activities;
- BCC in the form of profit sharing.

## 11. Deferred corporate income tax

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year in which the asset is recovered or the liability is settled, using the tax rates in effect at financial report date.

## 12. Prepaid expenses

Calculation and allocation of prepaid expenses to production and business expenses in each accounting period are based on the nature and extent of each type of expense to select a reasonable and consistent method and criteria.

Prepaid expenses are tracked according to each prepaid period incurred, allocated to expense objects of each accounting period and the remaining amount has not been allocated to expenses.

Classification of prepaid expenses before preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements according to the following principles:

- The advance for the provision of goods and services within a period of less than 12 months from the time of prepayment is classified as short-term.
- The advance for the provision of goods and services over a period of more than 12 months from the time of prepayment is classified as long-term.

## 13. Accounts payables

Including trade account payables, advances from customer, internal payables, other payables, and loans at the reporting time, if:

- Having a payment term of less than 12 months is classified as a Short-term payable.
- Having a payment term of more than 12 months is classified as Long-term payable.

For foreign currency transactions arising during the period, the recorded exchange rate is the ask price of the commercial bank where the Company intends to transact at the time of transaction.

## 14. Loans

Loans  in  the  form  of  issuing  bonds  or  issuing  preferred  shares  with  a  provision  that  obliges  the  issuer  to repurchase at a certain time in the future are not reflected in this item.

Loans and debts need to be tracked in detail by each object, each contract, and each type of debt asset. Finance lease liabilities are stated at the present value of the minimum lease payments or the fair value of the leased asset.

## IV. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 15. Borrowings and capitalization of interest expenses

Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the loans are recognized as financial expenses during the period unless borrowing costs are directly attributable to the investment in the construction or production of unfinished assets. the value of that asset (capitalized) when all the conditions specified in the Accounting Standard are met.

## 16. Accrued expenses

Accounts payable for goods and services received from the seller or provided to the buyer during the period but have not actually been paid due to the lack of invoices or insufficient accounting records and documents and payables. Payments to employees are recorded in production and business expenses in the period to ensure that when incurred costs do not cause a sudden change in production and business costs on the basis of ensuring the principle of concordance between enterprises and enterprises. revenue and expenses. The accrual of payable expenses must be calculated strictly and must have reasonable and reliable evidence. When such expenses are incurred, if there is a difference with the deducted amount, the accountant shall record additionally or reduce the expenses corresponding to the difference.

## 17. Unearned revenue

Unrealized  revenue  is  an  advance  revenue  mainly  consisting  of  prepayments  from  customers  for  one  or more accounting periods for asset leasing. The Company recognizes unrealized revenue in proportion to the obligations that the Company will have to perform in the future.

## 18. Owner's equity

## - Common shares

Common shares are stated at par value. The proceeds from the issuance of shares above par value are recognized as share premiums. Expenses directly attributable to the issue of shares, excluding tax effects, are deducted from the share premium.

## - Repurchase and re-issuance of treasury shares

Common shares issued when acquired by the Company are classified as treasury shares in the equity portion. The value of treasury shares recorded as a decrease in equity includes the redemption price and costs directly related to the purchase of treasury shares.

When  treasury  shares  are  sold  (re-issuance  of  treasury  shares),  the  cost  of  treasury  shares  is  determined according to the weighted average method. The difference between the selling price of treasury shares and the cost of treasury shares is recorded in the Share premium account.

## - Undistributed earnings

Undistributed earnings are the profit from the company's operations after adding (+) or subtracting (-) djustments due to the retrospective application of changes in accounting policies and retroactive adjustments deficiencies of previous years.

The distribution of profits from business activities of the company must comply with the current fiscal policy.

## IV. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 18. Owner's Equity (continued)

## - Undistributed earnings (continued)

The  parent  company  distributes  profits  to  owners  not  exceeding  the  undistributed  after-tax  profit  on  the Consolidated Financial Statements after excluding the effect of profits recognized from cheap purchases. In case the undistributed after-tax profit on the consolidated financial statements is higher than the undistributed after-tax profit on the parent company's separate financial statements and if the amount of profit decided to distribute exceeds the following profit Taxes have not been distributed on the separate financial statements, the parent company only distributes the profits after transferring profits from subsidiaries to the parent company.

Subsidiaries make advances to the committed profit to Shareholders according to the approved financial plan in the BOT contract based on the actual cash flow obtained instead of undistributed after-tax profit.

When distributing profits, it is necessary to consider non-cash items in undistributed after-tax profits that can affect the cash flow and ability to pay dividends and profits of the company.

## 19. Revenue

## a) Sales revenue

Sales revenue is recognized when the following conditions are simultaneously satisfied:

- The significant risks and rewards of ownership of the product or goods have been transferred to the buyer;
- The company no longer holds the right to manage the goods as the owner of the goods or control the goods;
- The revenue can be measured reliably;
- The Company has obtained or will receive economic benefits from the sale transaction;
- Determine the costs affiliated with the sales transaction.

## b) Revenue from service provision

Revenue from service provision is recognized when the following conditions are simultaneously satisfied:

- The revenue can be measured reliably;
- It is likely to obtain economic benefits from the transaction of providing such services;
- Identify the work completed at the date of the Report;

The portion of service delivery completed is determined by the work completion method.

## IV. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 19. Revenue (continued)

## c) Financial income

Financial income includes interest income, royalties, dividends, distributed earnings, and other financial income. For interest earned from loans, sales with deferred payment, and installment payments: revenue is recognized when it is certain that it will be collected, and loan principals and receivables that are not classified as overdue need to be forecasted. Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive dividends is established.

## d) Construction contract revenue

Construction contract revenue is recognized in one of the following two cases:

- The construction contract stipulates that the contractor is paid according to the planned schedule: when the contract performance results can be estimated reliably, revenue is recognized corresponding to the part of the work completed by the self-determined contractor at the reporting date;
- Construction contract stipulates that the contractor is paid according to the value of the volume of work: when the contract performance results are reliably estimated and confirmed by the customer, revenue is recognized in proportion to the completed work confirmed by the customer.

When the outcome of a contract cannot be reliably estimated, revenue is recognized to the extent that costs have been incurred for which it is probable that reimbursement will be made.

## e) Toll revenue

Revenue from traffic toll collection in the period is recognized based on sales of road tickets, road bridges, and tunnels at the toll rates prescribed by the State and applied on each road route, road tunnels, and certain road bridges that the Company is allowed to collect to recover the investment capital of BOT projects.

## f) Interest income

Interest income is recognized on a time-proportion basis based on the principal balance and the interest rate.

## g) Dividend income

Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive dividends is established.

## h) Income from the disposal of long and short-term financial investments

Income  from  the  disposal  of  long  and  short-term  financial  investments  is  recognized  in  the  consolidated statement of income when the significant risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the buyer... Most of the risks and benefits of ownership are transferred to the buyer only upon completion of the purchase or sale transaction (for listed securities) or an asset assignment agreement (for unlisted securities).

## IV. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 19. Revenue (continued)

## Other income

Other incomes include incomes other than production and business activities of the Company: transfer, sale, liquidation of fixed assets; fines due to customer breach of contract; third party compensation to compensate for the lost property; receivables from bad debts that have been written off; liabilities whose owners cannot be identified; income from gifts, cash, items...

## 20.Deductions

The adjustment to the decrease in revenue is made as follows:

- Adjustment to decrease in revenue of the arising period if the revenue deductions arise in the same period of product, and service consumption;
- Adjustment to decrease in revenue as follows if the deductions for revenue arise after the period of consumption of products, and services:
+ Adjustments to decrease in revenue in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the reporting period if there are deductions for revenue before the issuance of the Consolidated Financial Statements;
+ Adjustments to decrease in revenue in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the period after the reporting period if there are any deductions for revenue after the issuance of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Trade discount payable is the amount the Company sells at the listed price to customers who buy in bulk.

A sales discount is a deduction for the buyer due to poor, poor quality, or improper products or goods as prescribed in an economic contract.

Returned goods reflect the value of products and goods returned by customers due to reasons such as breach of commitment, breach of economic contract, inferior goods, loss of quality, incorrect type, and specifications.

## 21. Cost of goods sold

Cost of goods sold includes the capital value of products, services, investment real estate; production costs of construction and installation products sold during the period, and expenses related to investment real estate business.

The value of inventory loss or loss is recorded in the cost of goods sold after deducting compensation (if any).

For the cost of direct materials consumed in excess of normal, labor costs, and fixed manufacturing overheads that are not allocated to the value of warehoused products are included in the cost of goods sold after deducting the expenses. compensation (if any) even if the product or goods have not been identified as being sold.

## IV. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 22. Financial expenses

Financial  expenses include financial  operating  expenses:  expenses  or  losses  related  to  financial  investment activities;  lending  and  borrowing  costs;  expenses  for  capital  contribution  to  joint  ventures  and  associations; securities transfer losses; provision for devaluation of trading securities; provision for investment loss in other entities; loss incurred when selling foreign currency, exchange rate loss.

For BOT projects, borrowing costs directly related to loans to finance BOT projects during the operating period are allocated according to the ratio between fee revenue arising in the period and revenue under The financial plan of the BOT project, based on Official Letter No. 2310/TCDN-VP dated November 8, 2021, of the Ministry of Finance, will be applied from the fiscal year 2020. The difference between the borrowing costs incurred. and borrowing costs allocated to the income statement during the period will be recognized as prepaid expenses, which are amortized to subsequent periods.

The formula for calculating interest expense directly related to loans to finance BOT projects in the period:

| Interest expense in the period =  Total interest expense  according to the financial plan  x  Revenue realized during the period  Total revenue according to the financial plan   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23. Selling and General &amp; administrative expenses

Selling expenses reflect actual costs incurred in the process of selling products and providing services.

General and administrative expenses reflect the general expenses of the Company, including salaries, social insurance, health insurance, unemployment insurance, and trade union expenses of management staff; costs of office materials, labor tools, depreciation of fixed assets used for management of the Company; lease, license tax; provision for bad debts; outsourcing; other monetary expenses.

## 24. Corporate income tax

Corporate  income  tax  is  a  tax  calculated  on  taxable  income.  The  difference  between  taxable  income  and accounting profit is due to the adjustment of temporary differences between tax and accounting, non-deductible expenses as well as the adjustment of non-taxable income and losses. moved.

Deferred tax is the income tax payable or refundable on the temporary difference between the carrying amount of an asset and a liability for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for tax purposes. tax purposes. Deferred tax liability is recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilized.

## IV. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 24. Corporate income tax (continued)

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the balance sheet date and will be reduced to the extent that it is probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to permit the benefit of a portion or All deferred tax assets to be used. Previously unrecognized deferred tax assets are reviewed at the balance sheet date and recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the tax assets can be utilized. This unrecognized deferred entry.

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year in which the asset is recovered or the liability is settled, based on the tax rates in effect on the financial year-end date. Deferred tax is recognized in the statement of income unless it relates to items recognized directly in equity, where tax is charged directly to equity.

The Company has not recognized a deferred tax asset for the deductible temporary difference when determining taxable income in the company's statement due to the inability to predict future profit as well as the possibility of the tax return. withheld for tax purposes in subsequent tax periods at the date of the consolidated financial statements.

## 25. Related parties

Parties are considered to be stakeholders if one party has the ability to control or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence.

In considering the relationship of related parties, the nature of the relationship is emphasized more than in the legal form.

.

## 26. Segment report

A business segment is a separately identifiable part that is engaged in the production or provision of products or services and has risks and rewards that are different from those of other business segments.

A geographical segment is a distinct identifiable part that is engaged in the production or provision of a product or service within a particular economic environment and is subject to economic risks and rewards. different from business segments in other economic environments.

.

## 27. Financial instruments

## a) Financial assets

According to Circular 210, the Company classifies financial assets into groups:

- A financial asset recognized at fair value through the income statement is a financial asset held for trading or classified at fair value through the Financial Statements. income statement at the time of initial entry;

## IV. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 27. Financial Instruments (continued)

## a) Financial assets (continued)

- Held-to-maturity investments are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and fixed maturities that the Company has the intention and ability to hold. to the due date;
- Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and are not listed on the market;
-  Available-for-sale assets are non-derivative financial assets that are determined as available for sale or not classified as financial assets and are recognized at fair value through the income statement. trading, held-tomaturity investments, loans, and receivables.

The classification of these financial assets depends on the purpose and nature of the financial assets and is determined at the time of initial entry.

The Company's financial assets include cash and Current deposits, trade and other receivables, loans, and listed and unlisted financial instruments.

Financial assets are recognized at the acquisition date and derecognized at the date of sale. At the time of initial entry, financial assets are confirmed at cost plus transaction costs directly related to the purchase or issuance.

## b) Financial liabilities and equity instruments

Financial  instruments  are  classified  as  either  a  financial  liability  or  an  equity  instrument  at  initial  entry  in accordance with the nature and definition of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

According to Circular 210, the Company classifies financial liabilities:

- Financial liabilities are recognized at fair value through the income statement as a liability held for business or classified at fair value through the Statement of Interest. business results at the time of initial entry;
- Financial liabilities are measured at an amortized value that is equal to the initially recognized amount of the financial liability less any principal repayments, plus or minus any accumulated amortizations using the effective interest method of the difference between the initially recognized amount and the maturity amount, less any deductions (directly or through the use of provision) for impairment or unrecoverable.

This  classification  of  a  financial  liability  depends  on  the  purpose  and  nature  of  the  financial  asset  and  is determined at the time of initial entry.

The Company's financial liabilities include trade payable, other payables, debts, and borrowings.

At initial entry, all financial liabilities are confirmed at cost plus direct transaction costs related to the issue

## IV. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 27. Financial Instruments (continued)

Financial liabilities and equity instruments (continued)

Equity Instruments: A contract that proves the remaining interest in the assets of the Company after deducting all obligations.

Offsetting financial instruments: Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented in the Balance Sheet if and only if the Company has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amount, and intends to settle on a net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

## V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

## 1. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  Cash  4,641,622,371  4,154,232,281  Bank deposits  162,239,568,233  199,954,275,393  Money in transit  237,100,000  666,200,000  Cash equivalents  215,142,818,433  57,608,773,654  Total  382,261,109,037  262,383,481,328   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2. FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS

## a)   Held-to-maturity investment

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Cost  Book value  Cost  Book value  VND  VND  VND  VND  Short-term  72,830,731,676  72,830,731,676  70,208,972,303  70,208,972,303  Term Deposit (i)  72,830,731,676  72,830,731,676  70,208,972,303  70,208,972,303  Long-term  17,000,000,000  17,000,000,000  17,000,000,000  17,000,000,000  Term Deposit (ii)  15,000,000,000  15,000,000,000  15,000,000,000  15,000,000,000  Bonds (iii)  2,000,000,000  2,000,000,000  2,000,000,000  2,000,000,000  Total  89,830,731,676  89,830,731,676  87,208,972,303  87,208,972,303   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) A 6-month term deposit at Vietinbank with an interest rate of 5.7%/year;

(ii) Term deposit at Vietinbank with an interest rate of 4.9%/year;

(iii) The investment consists of 200 bonds with par value of VND 10,000,000, tenor of 10 years (2019 - 2029); interest rate: Reference interest rate + 1.2%/year; issued by Vietinbank.

V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

2.  FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS (continued)

b)Investment in joint ventures, affiliates

| At 31.12.2022  Increased  investment  Adjustments  increase/  (decrease)  Distribution of profits  (losses) from joint  ventures and affiliates  As at 01.01.2022  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  Khanh Hoa Deo Ca BOT Investment JSC  362,557,701,388  -  -  52,974,062,257  309,583,639,131  Bac Giang - Lang Son - Huu Nghi BOT JSC.  135,092,389,134  -  -  (556,293,203)  135,648,682,337  ICV Vietnam Construction and Investment JSC.  16,446,257,910  -  -  304,675,432  16,141,582,478  Total  514,096,348,432  -  -  52,722,444,486  461,373,903,946   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Since these companies have not yet listed their shares on the stock exchanges, the fair value of the investment in these companies cannot be determined in the Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with Circular 200/2014/TT-BTC dated December 22, 2014.

## V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

## 3. SHORT-TERM RECEIVABLES

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  Related parties  159,081,107,411  156,948,746,334  Deo Ca Construction JSC.  116,695,539,018  -  Trung Luong - My Thuan BOT JSC.  22,098,459,698  270,000,000  Deo Ca Khanh Hoa BOT Investment JSC.  13,361,179,695  8,018,141,334  Deo Ca Expressway  Management and Operation JSC.  125,929,000  700,000,000  Saigon - Phu Yen Bridge Construction Investment Group - JSC  6,800,000,000  -  Deo Ca Group JSC.  -  140,481,698,327  A2Z Construction Consulting JSC.  -  6,656,906,673  Hoang Long Construction Consultant JSC  -  822,000,000  Third parties  45,847,550,058  247,391,026,620  A2Z Construction Consulting JSC.  6,966,815,764  -  19 Road and Bridge Construction JSC.  5,159,490,529  5,159,490,529  Song Da 10 JSC.  5,082,418,376  5,082,418,376  Dak Lak Road Repair and Management Company  3,399,652,533  3,399,652,533  VETC Automatic Toll Receivables Co., Ltd  2,105,260,000  907,780,000  Hoang Long Construction Consulting JSC.  1,342,200,000  -  Deo Ca Construction JSC.  -  177,848,367,430  Other parties  21,791,712,856  54,993,317,752  Total  204,928,657,469  404,339,772,954   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. PREPAYMENT TO SUPPLIER

## a) Short-term prepayment to supplier

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  Third parties  59,725,675,369  37,429,539,433  Dong A International Group JSC.  14,359,029,400  14,359,029,400  Phu Hien Vinh Construction Trade Services JSC  12,679,038,198  -  Vietnam Automobiles and Special Vehicles Import-Export JSC.  5,992,200,000  5,992,200,000  Dong Phuong Engineering JSC.  3,322,390,074  -  Hoang Long Construction Consulting JSC.  1,879,376,870  -  Electrical Construction Consulting 1 JSC.  1,000,000,000  1,000,000,000  Other parties  20,493,640,827  16,078,310,033  Total  59,725,675,369  37,429,539,433   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

## 4. PREPAYMENT TO SUPPLIER (continued)

## b) Long-term prepayment to supplier

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  Related parties  -  10,442,505,000  Hoang Long Construction Consulting JSC.  -  86,491,000  A2Z Construction Consulting JSC.  -  10,356,014,000  Third parties  200,877,103,117  222,472,820,487  Underground Construction JSC.  94,082,320,759  94,082,320,759  Project Management Unit 85  21,807,969,484  21,807,969,484  Lung Lo Construction Corporation  -  14,067,301,993  A2Z Construction Consulting JSC.  10,356,014,000  -  Song Da 10 JSC.  9,381,606,667  9,381,606,667  Lang Son Province Construction Investment Project  Management Board  8,575,350,000  8,575,350,000  Transport Construction Corporation 8 - JSC  7,176,702,514  7,176,702,514  Transportation Design Consultancy Corporation  1,195,842,793  1,195,842,793  Hoang Long Construction Consulting JSC.  131,681,000  -  Other parties  48,169,615,900  66,185,726,277  Total  200,877,103,117  232,915,325,487   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. SHORT-TERM RECEIVABLES

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  Third parties  Saigon Asphalt Investment JSC. (former name: Saigon  Investment One-member Company Ltd.)  1,000,000,000  1,000,000,000  Total  1,000,000,000  1,000,000,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(*) The borrowing amount for Saigon Asphalt Investment JSC. with interest rate of 9%/year, under 12 months.

V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

6. OTHER RECEIVABLES

a) Other short-term receivables

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Value  Provision  Value  Provision  VND  VND  VND  VND  Advance  49,863,883,162  -  51,718,557,418  -  Deposit  100,000,000  -  100,000,000  -  Related parties  100,000,000  -  100,000,000  -  Deo Ca Group JSC.  100,000,000  -  100,000,000  -  Other receivables  154,20,018,398  873,033,836  164,515,867,696  873,033,836  Related parties  10,597,879,547  -  16,084,272,000  -  Deo Ca Construction JSC.  6,839,007,547  -  -  -  ICV Vietnam Construction and Investment JSC.  3,758,872,000  -  3,758,872,000  -  Deo Ca Captial Co., Ltd  -  -  12,325,400,000  -  Third-party  143,602,138,851  873,033,836  148,431,595,696  873,033,836  Council for compensation and support for resettlement of key  projects in Phu Loc district  26,058,512,000  -  26,058,512,000  -  Quy Nhon City Land Fund Development Center  8,670,686,533  -  8,670,686,533  -  Project Management Board of Key Works - Khanh Hoa Provincial  People's Committee  4,919,720,000  -  4,919,720,000  -  Deo Ca Construction JSC.  -  -  6,839,007,547  -  Lien Chieu District Site Clearance Board  3,274,835,244  -  3,115,835,244  -  Underground Construction JSC.  3,070,496,900  -  3,070,496,900  -  Other parties  97,607,888,174  873,033,836  95,757,337,472  873,033,836  Total  204,163,901,560  873,033,836  216,334,425,114  873,033,836   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

6. OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)

b. Other long-term receivables

(*) This is the dividend advance receivable of the Subsidiary - Phuoc Tuong Phu Gia BOT JSC.

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Value  Provision  Value  Provision  VND  VND  VND  VND  Deposit  2,166,503,000  -  2,166,503,000  -  Other receivables  48,675,671,659  -  38,375,950,044  -  Repair, project warranty receivables  25,096,534,444  -  14,238,250,544  -  Land fund development and Lang Giang IP center  12,301,719,456  -  12,301,719,456  -  Huu Lung District Land Fund Development Center  5,033,084,500  -  5,033,084,500  -  Chi Lang District Land Fund Development Center  4,860,513,038  -  4,860,513,038  -  Other receivables  1,383,820,221  -  1,942,382,506  -  Dividend advance receivable (*)  85,116,084,898  -  85,116,084,898  -  Related parties  50,924,984,504  -  50,924,984,504  -  Hung Phat BOT JSC.  50,924,984,504  -  50,924,984,504  -  Third-party  34,191,100,394  -  34,191,100,394  -  Ha Thanh International Trade Investment JSC  33,952,042,939  -  33,952,042,939  -  Viet Thanh Investment and Construction JSC  239,057,455  -  239,057,455  -  Business cooperation  221,530,970,000  -  -  -  Related parties  221,530,970,000  -  -  -  Deo Ca Group JSC.  221,530,970,000  -  -  -  Total  357,489,229,557  -  125,658,537,942  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

7. BAD DEBT

Total value of accounts payable collect overdue payment or not overdue but it is difficult to collect:

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Cost  Recoverable  value  Provision  Cost  Recoverable  value  Provision  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  Accounts receivable from  customers  11,035,892,482  -  (11,035,892,482)  11,035,892,482  -  (11,035,892,482)  Road and Bridge Construction 19  JSC.  5,159,490,529  -  (5,159,490,529)  5,159,490,529  -  (5,159,490,529)  Dak Lak Road Repair and  Management Company  3,399,652,533  -  (3,399,652,533)  3,399,652,533  -  (3,399,652,533)  Other parties  2,476,749,420  -  (2,476,749,420)  2,476,749,420  -  (2,476,749,420)  Prepayment to suppliers  1,301,620,413  -  (1,301,620,413)  1,301,620,413  -  (1,301,620,413)  Chi Viet Pre-Engineered Steel  Building JSC.  673,571,100  -  (673,571,100)  673,571,100  -  (673,571,100)  Other parties  628,049,313  -  (628,049,313)  628,049,313  -  (628,049,313)  Other short-term receivables  873,033,836  -  (873,033,836)  873,033,836  -  (873,033,836)  Road Administration Department  III  837,818,000  -  (837,818,000)  837,818,000  -  (837,818,000)  Other parties  35,215,836  -  (35,215,836)  35,215,836  -  (35,215,836)  Total  13,210,546,731  -  (13,210,546,731)  13,210,546,731  -  (13,210,546,731)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## V.  SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

## 8. INVENTORY

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Cost  Provision  Cost  Provision  VND  VND  VND  VND  Work in progress (*)  148,953,796,014  -  32,654,864,766  -  Raw materials  11,608,229,851  -  5,385,808,582  -  Tools &amp; equipments  183,729,951  -  243,035,758  -  Total  160,745,755,816  -  38,283,709,106  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(*) Work in progress related to costs of unfinished construction works.

- Value of stagnant, deteriorated, and unsold inventory at the end of the year: None

- Value of inventory used as mortgage or collaterals for payables at the end of the year: None

## 9. PREPAID EXPENSES

## a) Short-term prepaid expenses

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  Loan interest waiting for allocation  -  195,828,759,432  Other accounts  25,508,020,223  25,457,293,253  Total  25,508,020,223  221,286,052,685   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Long-term prepaid expenses

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  Loan interest waiting for allocation  4,773,316,767,716  2,991,383,533,735  The cost of repairing the road surface  4,785,995,452  3,351,695,283  Other accounts  5,656,881,741  3,694,205,664  Total  4,783,759,644,909  2,998,429,434,682   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

## 10. TANGIBLE FIXED ASSETS

Management

V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

| ## House, building materials Machinery and equipment VND VND  Vehicles  device  Total  VND  VND  VND  COST  As at 01.01.2022  30,022,560,387,302  15,864,778,988  56,665,301,319  23,050,736,372  30,118,141,203,981  Increases during the year  84,636,743,446  42,977,861,957  26,103,021,697  19,337,074,667  173,054,701,767  Purchase  13,419,434,254  42,977,861,957  26,103,021,697  -  82,500,317,908  Finished construction  57,315,359,195  -  -  19,337,074,667  76,652,433,862  Other increase  13,901,949,997  -  -  -  13,901,949,997  Decrease during the year  37,656,491,292  -  -  -  37,656,491,292  Other decrease  37,656,491,292  -  -  -  37,656,491,292  As at 31.12.2022  30,069,540,639,456  58,842,640,945  82,768,323,016  42,387,811,039  30,253,539,414,456  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  As at 01.01.2022  1,340,188,235,276  11,534,083,807  46,744,894,222  16,825,692,947  1,415,292,906,252  Increases during the year  268,796,183,220  4,780,555,609  4,720,015,683  2,744,288,236  281,041,042,748  Annual depreciation  268,796,183,220  4,780,555,609  4,720,015,683  2,744,288,236  281,041,042,748  Other increase  -  -  -  -  -  Decrease during the year  2,090,907  -  -  -  2,090,907  Other decrease  2,090,907  -  -  -  2,090,907  As at 31.12.2022  1,608,982,327,589  16,314,639,416  51,464,909,905  19,569,981,183  1,696,331,858,093  RESIDUAL VALUE  As at 01.01.2022  28,682,372,152,026  4,330,695,181  9,920,407,097  6,225,043,425  28,702,848,297,729  As at 31.12.2022  28,460,558,311,867  42,528,001,529  31,303,413,111  22,817,829,856  28,557,207,556,363   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10. TANGILE FIXED ASSETS (continued)

## 27,732,863,739,942 VND 55,874,648,118 VND

- The year-end residual value of tangible fixed assets used as mortgages or collaterals to secure loans: - Cost of fixed assets at the end of the year which have been fully depreciated but are still in use:

The estimated historical cost of assets formed from a BOT project is as follows:

The estimated historical cost of the investment project to build a road tunnel through Deo Ca:

- Co Ma tunnel and the route is 3,038,620,880,732 VND;

- Deo Ca tunnel is 6,375,465,625,414 VND;

- Cu Mong tunnel is 2,898,558,482,952 VND;

- Hai Van tunnel is 5,172,966,830,706 VND,

The estimated cost of the project of road surface enhancement of National Highway 1, section Km1 + 800 - Km 106 + 500 is 1,807,480,652,287 VND The estimated historical cost of the Bac Giang - City expressway project, Lang Son section KM45+100 - KM 108+500 is VND 10,392,831,235,593

The estimated historical cost of the Phuoc Tuong and Phu Gia Road Tunnel project, National Highway 1A, Thua Thien Hue Province is VND 1,369,029,931,203

- For investment projects in the form of Build-Operate-Transfer (BOT), the time of depreciation of fixed assets is determined as the time of operation and return of investment capital of the investor in the project, Depreciation of fixed assets formed from the project at the rate corresponding to the annual revenue in accordance with the period of operation and receivables of payback fees of the project (similar to the method of depreciation by volume, product quantity) The historical cost of fixed assets formed from the state funding support pending finalization with the provisional cost is: 3,038,620,880,732 VND (this

historical cost is not depreciated)

## V.  SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

## 11. INTANGIBLE FIXED ASSETS

| Land use  rights  Computer  software  Other  Total  VND  VND  VND  VND  COST  As at 01.01.2022  618,292,634  584,500,850  183,403,472  1,386,196,956  Purchase  -  4,024,967,200  -  4,024,967,200  As at 31.12.2022  618,292,634  4,609,468,050  183,403,472  5,411,164,156  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  As at 01.01.2022  64,441,225  479,500,861  73,361,388  617,303,474  Depreciation  12,881,088  209,446,907  -  222,327,995  As at 31.12.2022  77,322,313  688,947,768  73,361,388  839,631,469  RESIDUAL VALUE  As at 01.01.2022  553,851,409  104,999,989  110,042,084  768,893,482  As at 31.12.2022  540,970,321  3,920,520,282  110,042,084  4,571,532,687  - Year-end residual value of intangible fixed assets used as mortgages or  collaterals to secure loans:  544,190,593 VND  - Historical cost of intangible fixed assets that have been fully depreciated but are  still in use:  314,500,850 VND   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12. CONSTRUCTION COSTS

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  Office, factory repair  13,636,905,417  12,259,242,728  Total  13,636,905,417  12,259,242,728   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13. GOODWILL

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  Beginning of the year  19,026,492,287  21,481,523,551  Allocation during the year  (2,455,031,264)  (2,455,031,264)  End of the year  16,571,461,023  19,026,492,287   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

14. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE

a.Short-term accounts payable

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Value  Repayable amount  Value  Repayable amount  VND  VND  VND  VND  Related parties  522,959,804,523  522,959,804,523  438,357,412,901  438,357,412,901  Deo Ca Group JSC.  458,584,484,413  458,584,484,413  392,737,560,387  392,737,560,387  Deo Ca Construction JSC.  33,484,538,831  33,484,538,831  -  -  Deo Ca Security JSC.  17,375,835,146  17,375,835,146  17,409,382,266  17,409,382,266  ICV Vietnam Investment and Construction JSC.  9,660,979,849  9,660,979,849  -  -  Deo Ca Expressway  Management and Operation JSC.  3,853,966,284  3,853,966,284  8,256,472,379  8,256,472,379  Hoang Long Construction Consulting JSC.  -  -  1,796,396,412  1,796,396,412  JSC.Construction Consulting section A2Z  -  -  18,157,601,457  18,157,601,457  Third parties  571,940,847,291  571,940,847,291  691,075,166,887  691,075,166,887  Lizen JSC. (LICOGI 16)  125,620,568,337  125,620,568,337  126,120,568,337  126,120,568,337  Hoa Hiep Co., Ltd  56,746,314,256  56,746,314,256  56,746,314,256  56,746,314,256  My Da Construction Company Limited  35,356,917,682  35,356,917,682  75,356,917,682  75,356,917,682  Construction Company Limited 470  31,136,567,611  31,136,567,611  34,549,076,453  34,549,076,453  Dong Hoi General Construction Co., Ltd  21,533,539,459  21,533,539,459  24,033,539,459  24,033,539,459  A2Z Construction Consulting JSC.  18,670,006,259  18,670,006,259  -  -  Tri Nam Group JSC.  17,814,637,800  17,814,637,800  122,491,454,000  122,491,454,000  Minh Dang One Member Co., Ltd  14,745,229,714  14,745,229,714  17,966,582,114  17,966,582,114  Construction Traffic No.1 JSC.  13,356,138,053  13,356,138,053  13,356,138,053  13,356,138,053  Nam Tan JSC.  13,243,783,828  13,243,783,828  13,243,783,828  13,243,783,828  Lung Lo Construction Corporation  12,000,378,308  12,000,378,308  12,000,378,308  12,000,378,308  Minh Lai General Co., Ltd  8,734,085,571  8,734,085,571  -  -  Saigon ASPHALT Investment JSC.  7,351,840,089  7,351,840,089  2,552,438,731  2,552,438,731  Deo Ca Construction JSC.  -  -  24,473,155,816  24,473,155,816  Other parties  195,630,840,324  195,630,840,324  168,184,819,850  168,184,819,850  Total  1,094,900,651,814  1,094,900,651,814  1,129,432,579,788  1,129,432,579,788   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

14. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE (continued)

b.Long-term accounts payable

Unpaid overdue debt: None

| ## 31.12.2022  ## 01.01.2022  Value  Repayable amount  Value  Repayable amount  VND  VND  VND  VND  Related parties  2,719,148,000  2,719,148,000  53,806,311,591  53,806,311,591  ICV Vietnam Construction and Investment JSC.  2,719,148,000  2,719,148,000  2,719,148,000  2,719,148,000  Hoang Long Construction Consulting JSC.  -  -  18,758,222,245  18,758,222,245  A2Z Construction Consulting JSC.  -  -  32,328,941,346  32,328,941,346  Third  parties  419,561,623,083  419,561,623,083  397,559,759,439  397,559,759,439  Branch of BCA Thang Long Company Limited - Dai Viet Enterprise  97,873,463,105  97,873,463,105  114,873,463,105  114,873,463,105  Sao Bac Dau Technology JSC.  63,324,741,138  63,324,741,138  63,324,741,138  63,324,741,138  BCA - Thang Long One Member Company Limited  34,783,028,365  34,783,028,365  34,783,028,365  34,783,028,365  A2Z Construction Consulting JSC.  30,187,672,346  30,187,672,346  -  -  APAVE Asia - Pacific Co., Ltd  20,646,941,214  20,646,941,214  20,646,941,214  20,646,941,214  Asia Industrial Engineering JSC.  18,019,220,715  18,019,220,715  18,019,220,715  18,019,220,715  Branch of BCA - Thang Long Company Limited in HCM City  14,066,275,015  14,066,275,015  22,066,275,015  22,066,275,015  NIPPON KOEI Vietnam Co., Ltd. International llc  13,569,057,653  13,569,057,653  13,569,057,653  13,569,057,653  Construction and Investment 492 JSC.  8,594,572,647  8,594,572,647  8,594,572,647  8,594,572,647  Vietnam Human Resources and Construction JSC.  6,649,125,023  6,649,125,023  6,649,125,023  6,649,125,023  Hoang Long Construction Consulting JSC.  4,308,222,245  4,308,222,245  -  -  Other parties  107,539,330,617  107,539,330,617  95,033,361,564  95,033,361,564  ## Total  422,280,771,083  422,280,771,083  451,366,071,030  451,366,071,030   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## V.  SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

## 15. SHORT-TERM ADVANCE FROM CUSTOMERS

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  Related parties  73,032,991,055  -  Deo Ca Group JSC.  73,032,991,055  -  Third parties  38,900,254,873  7,648,775,163  Cam Lam - Vinh Hao Expressway JSC.  31,662,067,026  -  Lung Lo Construction Corporation  2,475,005,925  2,475,005,925  Underground Construction JSC.  1,495,821,371  1,495,821,371  VO Regional Petroleum Company  -  3,000,000,000  Other parties  3,267,360,551  677,947,867  Total  111,933,245,928  7,648,775,163   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

16. TAXATION

a)Taxes and other payables

| ## 01.01.2022 VND  ## Payables VND  ## Paid amount VND  31.12.2022  VND  VAT  4,963,439,908  51,133,856,452  50,353,920,237  5,743,376,123  CIT  37,227,634,839  58,772,545,135  36,138,362,996  59,861,816,978  Personal income tax  442,190,114  1,425,545,267  1,558,461,613  309,273,768  Resource tax  -  1,961,238,794  1,961,238,794  -  Other taxes  1,031,073,509  1,354,504,528  2,385,578,037  -  Total  43,664,338,370  114,647,690,176  92,397,561,677  65,914,466,869  b)Taxes and other receivables  ## 01.01.2022 VND  ## Receivables VND  ## Collected amount VND  31.12.2022  VND  VAT  2,402,093,441  118,911,073  2,402,093,441  118,911,073  CIT  -  -  -  Personal income tax  -  -  -  Resource tax  -  -  -  Other taxes  118,911,073  -  118,911,073  -  ## Total  ## 2,521,004,514  ## 118,911,073  2,521,004,514  118,911,073   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Tax finalization will be subject to inspection by tax authorities. Because the application of tax laws and regulations to different types of transactions can be interpreted in different ways, the tax amounts presented in the Financial Statements are subject to change at the discretion of the tax agency.

V.  SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

## 17. ACCRUED EXPENSES

## a) Short-term expenses

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  Interest expense payable  572,460,000,000  691,871,624,000  Accrued overhaul and maintenance expense  127,566,665,648  66,482,416,518  Accrued interest expense  2,416,377,612  2,359,364,187  Other accounts  409,192,218,861  458,426,166,094  Total  1,111,635,262,121  1,219,139,570,799   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Long-term expenses

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  Interest expense payable  2,965,790,122,589  1,478,746,521,189  Accrued interest expense  34,911,184,444  26,544,187,517  Total  3,000,701,307,033  1,505,290,708,706   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18. UNEARNED REVENUE

## a) Short-term unearned revenue

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  Revenue received in advance  1,100,000,000  -  Total  1,100,000,000  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Long-term unearned revenue

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  Revenue received in advance  8,800,000,000  -  Total  8,800,000,000  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## V.  SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

## 19. OTHER PAYABLES

## a) Other short-term payables

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  Related parties  113,538,196,112  33,591,059,194  Deo Ca Construction JSC.  65,626,091,401  -  Deo Ca Group JSC.  26,298,646,606  22,103,278,371  Hai Thach BOT Investment JSC.  21,613,458,105  11,487,780,823  Third parties  470,290,571,534  551,825,901,419  Guarantee for performance of warranty contract, volume pending  settlement  362,257,002,532  448,677,975,373  Song Da 10 JSC.  100,907,632,345  114,907,632,345  Lung Lo Construction Corporation  51,646,434,240  58,146,434,240  Sao Bac Dau Technology JSC.  51,318,673,019  51,318,673,019  Other parties  158,384,262,928  158,679,144,368  Other payable  108,033,569,002  103,147,926,046  Northern Infrastructure Investment JSC.  18,650,350,455  11,385,035,388  France Emulsion Co  1,606,087,366  1,606,087,366  Other parties  87,777,131,181  90,156,803,292  Total  583,828,767,646  585,416,960,613   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Other long-term payables

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  Tender package for National Highway 1 - Warranty pending  settlement  37,449,235,354  37,449,235,354  Guarantee for the performance of the contractors  10,920,222,126  26,379,852,645  Other payable  5,081,291,514  3,203,892,637  Total  53,450,748,994  67,032,980,636   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Unpaid overdue debt: None

V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

20. BORROWINGS

a) Short-term borrowings

| 31.12.2022  Incurred in the year  As at 01.01.2022  Long-term loan to  maturity(*)  Increase  Decrease  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  Related parties  55,036,895,603  -  70,300,000,000  56,595,000,000  41,331,895,603  Deo Ca Group JSC.  55,036,895,603  -  70,300,000,000  51,995,000,000  36,731,895,603  Hai Thach BOT Investment JSC.  -  -  -  2,000,000,000  2,000,000,000  Hung Phat BOT JSC.  -  -  -  2,600,000,000  2,600,000,000  Third parties  817,566,809,219  644,409,000,000  380,895,858,795  402,265,813,291  194,527,763,715  Vietinbank - Da Nang Branch  112,320,401,051  -  239,282,679,503  266,087,973,553  139,125,695,101  TP Bank - Thang Long Hanoi Branch  57,996,522,671  -  141,613,179,292  135,957,950,133  52,341,293,512  Vietinbank - Hanoi Branch  622,990,000,000  622,990,000,000  -  -  -  VietABank - Hanoi Branch  21,419,000,000  21,419,000,000  -  -  -  Officers and employees  2,840,885,497  -  -  219,889,605  3,060,775,102  Total  872,603,704,822  644,409,000,000  451,195,858,795  458,860,813,291  235,859,659,318   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

None

Unpaid overdue debt:

## (*) Information on long-term borrowings due for payment:

| Credit agreement  Loan balance  Due date  Lenders  No. 01/2015-HDTDDA/NHCT106-DEOCA  29,930,000,000  2023  Vietinbank - Hanoi Branch  No. 01/2016-HDTDDA/NHCT106-DEOCA  52,380,000,000  2023  Vietinbank - Hanoi Branch  No. 02-2013-HDTDDA/NHCT106-DEOCA  445,710,000,000  2023  Vietinbank - Hanoi Branch  No. 02/2015-HDTDDA/NHCT106-DEOCA  14,970,000,000  2023  Vietinbank - Hanoi Branch  No. 01/2017-HDTDDA/NHCT106-BOT BGLS  80,000,000,000,000  2023  Vietinbank - Hanoi Branch  No. 23072014/HDDH; Appendix 1-9. Notice of debt structure No.  23072014/HDDH/SDBS-06  21,419,000,000  2023  Viet A Commercial Joint Stock Bank -  Hanoi Branch   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

20. BORROWINGS (continued)

b) Long-term borrowings

| As at 31.12.2022  Incurred in the year  As at  01.01.2022  Increase  Decrease  Long-term  borrowing due  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  Over 1 year to 5 years  127,320,118,994  26,730,660,276  117,719,491,282  -  218,308,950,000  Related parties  58,111,400,000  -  67,288,600,000  -  125,400,000,000  Hai Thach BOT Investment JSC.  58,111,400,000  -  67,288,600,000  -  125,400,000,000  Third parties  69,208,718,994  26,730,660,276  50,430,891,282  -  92,908,950,000  Northern Infrastructure  Investment JSC.  44,000,000,000  -  48,000,000,000  -  92,000,000,000  TP Bank  25,208,718,994  26,730,660,276  2,430,891,282  -  908,950,000  Over 5 years  19,652,778,955,110  21,314,561,976  377,620,000,000  644,409,000,000  20,653,493,393,134  Third parties  19,652,778,955,110  21,314,561,976  377,620,000,000  644,409,000,000  20,653,493,393,134  Vietinbank - Hanoi Branch  18,712,602,822,777  -  357,460,000,000  622,990,000,000  19,693,052,822,777  VietABank - Hanoi Branch  940,176,132,333  21,314,561,976  20,160,000,000  21,419,000,000  960,440,570,357  Total  19,780,099,074,104  48,045,222,252  495,339,491,282  644,409,000,000  20,871,802,343,134   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

None

Unpaid overdue debt:

V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

20. BORROWINGS (continued)

Additional presentation of short-term loan contracts:

| No.  Lenders  Contract  Limit/Borrowing  amount (VND)  Tenor  Interest rate  Loan purpose  Form of guarantee  1  Vietinbank  - Da Nang  Branch  Credit contract No.  01/2022-HDCVHM/NHCT480-DII  dated 04/01/2022  100,000,000,000  According  to each debt  receipt but not  more than 9  months  Stated on  each debt  receipt  Business and operation  Car  registration,  house ID certificate  at Plaza apartment  Credit Contract No.  02/2022-HDCVHM/NHCT480-DII  dated 04/01/2022  100,000,000,000  According  to each debt  receipt but not  more than 6  months  Stated on  each debt  receipt  Business and operation  Unsecured  2  TP Bank -  Thang Long  Hanoi Branch  Credit contract No. 301/2022/  HDTD/TLG dated 08/07/2022  450,000,000,000  According  to each debt  receipt but not  more than 12  months  Stated on  each debt  receipt  Business and operation  Unsecured  3  Hung Phat  BOT JSC.  TD No. 2609/2019/HP-DCIC  dated 26/12/2019 and Appendix  2,600,000,000  12 months  4%/years  Business and operation  Unsecured  4  Deo Ca Group  JSC.  Loan contract No. 0201 dated  02/01/2020, PL. Loan contract  No. 2907/2022/HDHM/DCG-HHV  dated 29/12/ 2022 and appendix  400,000,000,000  12 months  8%/years  Production,  business  and  investment  Unsecured  5  Hai Thach  Investment  BOT JSC.  Loan Contract No. 2002/2020/  HTBOT-DII dated 18/03/2020 and  Appendix  2,000,000,000  12 months  8%/years  Production,  business  and  investment  Unsecured   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

20.BORROWINGS (continued)

Additional presentation of short-term loan contracts: (continued)

| No.  Lenders  Contract  Limit/Borrowing  amount (VND)  Tenor  Interest rate  Loan purpose  Form of  guarantee  6  Officers and  employees  Contract and attached  appendices signed with  each individual lender  Unlimited  From the date  of signing the  contract to  the end of the  contract  The interest rate is  equal to the interest  rate on the 3-month  term deposit at the  bank the Company  is dealing with  Business and operation  Unsecured  Additional presentation of long-term loan contracts:  No.  Lenders  Contract  Limit/Borrowing  amount (VND)  Tenor  Interest rate  Loan purpose  Form of  guarantee  1  Northern  Infrastructure  Investment  JSC.  One-time loan contract, PL  92,000,000,000  24 months  8%/years  Production,  business  and  investment  Unsecured  2  Hai Thach  Investment  BOT JSC.  Loan Contract No.  15062021/HTBOT-DII  dated June 15, 2021;  PLHD No. 01-15062021/  HTBOT-DII dated  17/06/2022  125,400,000,000  24 months  8%/years  Production,  business  and  investment  Unsecured  3  TPBank  Contract No. 19/2021/  HDTD/TLG/01 dated  January 27, 2021  1,113,000,000  60 months  8%/year  until  2 7 / 0 1 / 2 0 2 2 ,  then  adjusted  periodically  Business and operation  Car registration   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

20. BORROWINGS (continued)

Additional presentation of long-term loan contracts: (continued)

| No.  Lenders  Contract  Limit/Borrowing  amount (VND)  Tenor  Interest rate  Loan purpose  Form of  guarantee  4  Vietinbank -  Hanoi Branch  Contract No. 01/2015 -  HDTDDA/NHCT106-DEOCA  dated 28/07/2015 and  contract appendices.  2,500,000,000,000  The loan term  is 204 months  from the first  disbursement  date, the  disbursement  time is 48 months  from the first  disbursement  date  Stated on  each debt  receipt  Implement  the  investment  item  of  road  tunnel  through  Cu  Mong  tunnel,  National  Highway  1,  Phu  Yen  and  Binh Dinh province under the  investment  project  to  build  road  tunnel  through  Deo  Ca  -  National  Highway  1,  Phu  Yen province and Khanh Hoa  province in the form of BT and  BOT  BOT  project's  right to collect toll  Contract No. 01/2016 -  HDTDDA/NHCT106-DEOCA  dated 02/02/2016  4,182,000,000,000  The loan term is  20 years from the  first disbursement  date, the  disbursement  period is 4 years  from the first  disbursement  date.  Stated on  each debt  receipt  Implement  Phase  2  -  Expanding  Hai  Van  Tunnel  under  the  investment  category  in  Hai  Van  Road  Tunnel,  National  Highway  1,  Thua Thien Hue Province and  Da Nang City  BOT  project's  right to collect toll   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

20. BORROWINGS (continued)

Additional presentation of long-term loan contracts: (continued)

| No.  Lenders  Contract  Limit/Borrowing  amount (VND)  Tenor  Interest rate  Loan purpose  Form of  guarantee  5  Vietinbank -  Hanoi Branch  Loan Contract No.  02/2013/NHCT106-  DEOCA dated  22/10/2013 and its  appendices.  4,800,000,000,000  180 months  Stated on  each debt  receipt  Payment  for  expenses  ò  of  BOT  works  under  the  Road  Tunnel  Construction  Project  through  Deo  Ca  -  National  Highway  1,  Phu  Yen,  Khanh Hoa province  BOT  project's  right to collect toll  Contract No. 02/2015  - HDTDDA/NHCT106-  DEOCA dated  11/12/2015  1,190,000,000,000  The loan term  is 192 months  from the first  disbursement  date, the  disbursement  time is 24  months  from the first  disbursement  date.  Stated on  each debt  receipt  To upgrade, repair and renovate Hai  Van Tunnel 1 and National Highway 1  section through Hai Van Pass (Phase  1  of  Investment  Item  to  expand  Road Tunnel through Hai Van Pass,  National Highway 1, Thua Thien Hue  Province  and  Da  Nang  City)  was  added to build a road tunnel through  Deo Ca - National Highway 1 in the  form of BT and BOT.  BOT  project's  right to collect toll   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

20. BORROWINGS (continued)

Additional presentation of long-term loan contracts: (continued)

| No.  Lenders  Contract  Limit/Borrowing  amount (VND)  Tenor  Interest rate  Loan purpose  Form of guarantee  6  Vietinbank  - Hanoi  Branch  Contract No. 01/2017 -  HDTDDA/NHCT106-BOT  BGLS  10,169,000,000,000  The loan term  is 26 years  from the first  disbursement  date to  2043, the  disbursement  period is  24 months  from the first  disbursement  date  Stated on  each debt  receipt  Implementation of Bac Giang -  Lang Son expressway project.  BOT  project's  right  to  collect toll  7  VietABank  - Hanoi  Branch  No. 23072014/HDDH;  Amendments 1-9. Notice  of debt structure Contract  No. 23072014/HDDH/  SĐBS-06  1,148,942,000,000  233 months  Stated on  each debt  receipt  The  construction  project  of  Phuoc  Tuong-Phu  Gia  road  tunnel,  National  Highway  1A,  Thua Thien Hue province, in the  form of BOT contract.  Right  to  collect  toll  of  BOT projects; The capital  contribution  of  Deo  Ca  Transport  Infrastructure  Investment  JSC.  and  Ha  Thanh  Environmental  Investment JSC. in Phuoc  Tuong Phu Gia BOT JSC.  8  TPBank  Loan contract No.  273/2022/HDTD/TLG  dated 10/06/2022  40,691,000,000  72 months  Stated on  each debt  receipt  Business and operation.  Car registration   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## V.  SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

## 21. DEFERRED TAX

## a) Deferred tax assets

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  CIT rate used to determine the value of deferred tax assets  20%  20%  A deferred tax asset relating to a deductible temporary difference  4,196,320,355  4,153,710,142  Deferred tax assets  4,196,320,355  4,153,710,142   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Deferred tax liabilities

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  VND  VND  CIT rate used to determine the amount of deferred tax payable  20%  20%  Deferred income tax payable on a deductible temporary difference  155,134,453,811  157,342,717,382  Deferred income tax payable  155,134,453,811  157,342,717,382   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

V. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

22. OWNER'S EQUITY

Owner's equity changes in the year

| Owner's equity  Equity  premium  Development  Fund  Undistributed  earnings  Non-controlling  interests  Other funds (*)  Total  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  As at 01/01/2021  2,673,840,900,000  (208,000,000)  4,851,321,687  287,678,877,300  1,146,518,693,388  3,271,772,312,802  7,384,454,105,177  Profit of the year  -  -  -  268,873,236,620  21,773,948,707  -  290,647,185,327  Other increase  -  -  -  -  -  1,036,000,000  1,036,000,000  As at 31/12/2022  2,673,840,900,000  (208,000,000)  4,851,321,687  556,552,113,920  1,168,292,642,095  3,272,808,312,802  7,676,137,290,504  Capital increase in year  (1)  404,203,600,000  (329,900,000)  403,873,700,000  Profit for the year  -  -  -  264,050,336,161  33,358,952,709  -  297,409,288,870  Remuneration for the  BoD &amp; BoS (2)  -  -  -  (1,907,000,000)  -  -  (1,907,000,000)  Deduction from  development  investment fund (3)  -  -  2,297,161,693  (2,297,161,693)  -  -  -  Change in shareholder  interest  -  -  -  4,122,978,771  (4,122,978,771)  -  -  ## As at 31.12.2022  3,078,044,500,000  (537,900,000)  7,148,483,380  820,521,267,159  1,197,528,616,033  3,272,808,312,802  8,375,513,279,374   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This is the State budget capital allocated under the Project Contract No. 26/HDXD-DEOCA dated November 8, 2012 and the attached contract appendices, updated to the total investment of the Project. 400/QD-BGTVT dated March 4, 2019 on approving the adjustment of the financial plan of the road tunnel project through Deo Ca (including Deo Ca, Co Ma, Cu Mong and Hai Van tunnel). Accordingly, this capital is assigned to the project enterprise to implement the BOT project to ensure the financial plan signed with the authorized state agency.

(1) As at December 10, 2022, according to Resolution No. 56/2022/NQ-HDQT, the Company has successfully issued 40,420,360 shares to existing shareholders with par value of 10,000 VND/share with a total value is 404,203,600,000 VND

(2) According to Resolution No. 01/2022/NQ-DHDCD, the AGM approved the payment of remuneration to the BoD.

(3) According to Resolution No. 01/2022/NQ-DHDCD, the AGM approved the setting up of the Development Investment Fund with the amount of 2,297,161,693 VND.

## V.  SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

## 22. OWNER'S EQUITY (continued)

## Details of owner's equity

| 31.12.2022  %  01.01.2022  %  VND  VND  Deo Ca Group JSC. (*)  37,892,550,000  1.23%  37,892,550,000  1.42%  Ho Minh Hoang  18,000,000,000  0.58%  18,000,000,000  0.67%  Hai Thach Investment BOT JSC.  1,036,662,500,000  33.68%  677,831,250,000  25.35%  Other parties  1,985,489,450,000  64.51%  1,940,117,100,000  72.56%  Total  3,078,044,500,000  100.00%  2,673,840,900,000  100.00%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (*) Deo Ca Group JSC. became the parent company of the Company through direct and indirect ownership and voting  rights  in  subsidiaries  investing  in  Deo  Ca Traffic  Infrastructure  Investment  JSC.  with  the  following ownership and voting rights:

| Benefit rate  Voting right  Direct Ownership  1.23%  1.23%  Indirect ownership and voting  33.59%  33.68%  - Hai Thach BOT Investment JSC.  33.59%  33.68%  Total  34.82%  34.91%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Currently, Deo Ca Group JSC. (DCG) holds a voting right of 34.91%, however, DCG is still the parent company because it is controlling the financial and operating policies of the company. to obtain economic benefits from the Company's activities through holding the majority of members in the BoD.

## Transactions with owners and distribution of dividends and profits

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  VND  VND  Owner's equity:  - Beginning of the year  2,673,840,900,000  2,673,840,900,000  - Increase during the year  404,203,600,000  -  - Decrease during the year  -  -  - End of the year  3,078,044,500,000  2,673,840,900,000  Distributed profits, dividends  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## V.  SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED ON THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (continued)

## 22. OWNER'S EQUITY (continued)

Share

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Share  Share  Number of shares registered for issuance  307,804,450  267,384,090  Number of shares issued to the public  307,804,450  267,384,090  + Common shares  307,804,450  267,384,090  Number of shares buyback (treasury shares)  -  -  + Common shares  -  -  Number of shares outstanding  307,804,450  267,384,090  + Common shares  307,804,450  267,384,090  Par value: 10,000 VND/share   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## VI. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED IN THE CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

## 1. NET REVENUE

| Fiscal year ended December 31,  2022  2021  VND  VND  Revenue from goods sold and services rendered  2,094,582,751,424  1,861,340,178,631  Revenue from BOT toll stations  1,484,106,158,515  1,264,579,806,368  Revenue from construction  530,288,093,030  552,023,885,005  Revenue from tunnel and road maintenance  41,129,862,721  2,512,359,092  Revenue from providing transit services  17,921,779,967  8,702,772,273  Other revenue  21,136,857,191  33,521,400,893  Revenue deduction  Net Revenue  2,094,582,751,424  1,861,340,178,631  In which revenue with related parties  224,506,208,652  356,945,581,481  Revenue from construction activities  179,609,025,970  315,545,288,050  Revenue from tunnel and road maintenance  29,755,784,943  2,512,359,092  Other revenue  15,141,397,739  38,887,934,339   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## VI. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED IN THE CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT (continued)

## 2. COST OF GOODS SOLD AND SERVICE PROVIDED

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  VND  VND  Cost of BOT toll stations  548,074,846,410  459,185,531,253  Cost of construction  482,152,924,310  447,514,092,688  Cost of providing transit service  14,846,699,243  8,583,292,401  Cost of tunnel and road maintenance  17,947,348,272  1,794,379,900  Other cost  15,006,780,880  19,255,105,743  Total  1,078,028,599,115  936,332,401,985   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3. FINANCIAL INCOME

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  VND  VND  Interest on deposits and loans  5,444,505,906  6,826,327,951  Dividends and earnings distributed  -  15,000,000,000  Total  5,444,505,906  21,826,327,951   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. FINANCIAL EXPENSES

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  VND  VND  Interest expenses  647,600,236,079  550,795,413,210  Total  647,600,236,079  550,795,413,210   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## VI. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED IN THE CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT (continued)

## 5. GENERAL AND ADMIN EXPENSES

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  VND  VND  Labour cost  29,933,411,408  29,774,684,049  Outsourcing  22,253,982,069  38,953,625,829  Allocation of goodwill  2,455,031,264  2,455,031,264  Depreciation  1,271,480,239  6,858,547,801  Tools and equipment cost  276,995,651  389,098,578  Taxation  112,039,574  225,078,113  Provision for bad debts  -  (161,854,500)  Other costs  16,571,534,948  16,441,954,652  Total  72,874,475,153  94,936,165,786   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. OTHER INCOME

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  VND  VND  Income from liquidation of fixed assets  -  21,168,853,109  Other income  12,438,456  1,781,746  Total  12,438,456  21,170,634,855   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. OTHER EXPENSES

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  VND  VND  Fines for administrative violations  4,162,593  53,192,182  Other expenses  323,707,111  418,472,304  Total  327,869,704  471,664,486   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## VI. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED IN THE CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT (continued)

## 8. COST OF OPERATION BY FACTORS

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  VND  VND  Raw materials  431,205,077,480  314,619,680,605  Labour costs  290,434,361,409  277,779,506,966  Depreciation expense  283,718,402,007  262,004,301,965  Outsourcing  157,541,546,456  58,989,388,037  Other cash expenses  104,302,618,164  80,981,204,270  Total  1,267,202,005,516  994,374,081,843   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. CIT

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  VND  VND  CIT expense calculated on taxable income of the current year  58,732,174,175  48,063,318,649  Adjustment of the previous CIT expense to the current income  tax expense  40,370,960  2,115,488,050  Current CIT expenses  58,772,545,135  50,178,806,699   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## VI. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED IN THE CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT (continued)

## 10. EARNINGS PER SHARE

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  VND  VND  Profit after tax  264,050,336,161  268,873,236,620  Bonus and welfare fund deduction  -  -  Earnings distributed to shareholders  264,050,336,161  268,873,236,620  Weighted average number of outstanding shares  268,823,719  267,384,090  Basic earnings per share  982  1,006   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11. DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE

As at 31 December 2022, the Company did not have shares with dilutive potential for earnings per share.

The 2022 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders approved the resolution 01/2022/NQ-DHDCD dated April 24, 2022 on the distribution of stock dividends to shareholders with the exercise rate of 5% of outstanding shares, the expected number of shares offering is 15,390,223 shares.

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  VND  VND  Profit after tax  264,050,336,161  268,873,236,620  Bonus and welfare fund deduction  -  -  Earnings distributed to shareholders  264,050,336,161  268,873,236,620  Average number of common shares in circulation  268,823,719  267,384,090  Number of shares to be issued  15,390,223  267,384,090  Diluted earnings per share  929  503   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## VII. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE SECTIONS PRESENTED IN THE CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS

1. Non-cash transactions that affect the future consolidated statement of cash flows: None
2. Unused fund held by the business: None
3. Actual borrowing collected during the year

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  VND  VND  Proceeds from borrowings  499,241,081,047  799,719,015,674   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. Actual principal repayment during the year

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  VND  VND  Principal repayment  954,200,304,573  777,669,815,754   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## VIII. OTHER INFORMATION

1. Contingent liabilities, commitments and other financial information: None

## 2. Events occurring after 31.12.2022

The Board of Management confirms that there have been no material events occurring after 31.12.2022 up to the date of these consolidated financial statements that have not been reviewed for adjustment of figures or published in the consolidated financial statements.

## 3. Information about related parties: See Appendix 1

## 4. Segment information

## a) Key reports by business segment

In order to serve the management of the Company, the Company is organized, managed and accounted for by product units and business areas, therefore, it reports divisions according to products produced and services provided as follows:

VIII. OTHER INFORMATION (continued)

4. Segment information (continued)

a) Key reports by business segment (continued)

| Fiscal year ended December 31, 2021  BOT toll collection  Construction  Transfer  service  Roads and  bridges  maintenance  Other activities  Total  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  Net revenue from outbound sales  and service provision  1,264,579,806,368  552,023,885,005  8,702,727,273  2,512,359,092  33,521,400,893  1,861,340,178,631  Total net revenue from goods sold  and service provided  1,264,579,806,368  552,023,885,005  8,702,727,273  2,512,359,092  33.521,400,893  1,861,340,178,631  Business results by segment  805,394,275,115  104,509,792,317  119,434,872  717,979,192  14,266,295,150  925,007,776,646  Expenses not allocated by  department  (94,936,165,786)  Profits from business activities  830,071,610,860  Financial income  21,826,327,951  Financial expenses  (550,795,413,210)  Profit or loss from joint venture,  affiliates  11,386,457,188  Other income  21,170,634,855  Other costs  (471,664,486)  Current CIT expenses  (50,178,806,699)  Deferred CIT expense  7,638,038,868  Profit after CIT  290,647,185,327  Total costs incurred to purchase fixed assets and other long-term assets Total depreciation expense and long-term prepaid expense allocation  (238,841,815,462)  (262,008,692,262)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

VIII. OTHER INFORMATION (continued)

4. Segment information(continued)

a) Key reports by business segment (continued)

| Fiscal year endde 31.12.2022  BOT station toll  receivables  Construction  activities  Transfer service  Roads and  bridges  maintenance  Other activities  Total  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  Net revenue from outbound sales  and service provision  1,484,106,158,515  530,288,093,030  17,921,779,967  41,129,862,721  21,136,857,191  2,094,582,751,424  Total net revenue from sales of  goods and provision of services  1,484,106,158,515  530,288,093,030  17,921,779,967  41,129,862,721  21,136,857,191  2,094,582,751,424  Business results by segment  936,031,312,105  48,135,168,720  3,075,080,724  23,182,514,449  6,130,076,311  1,016,554,152,309  Expenses not allocated by  department  (72,874,475,153)  Profits from business activities  943,679,677,156  Financial income  5,444,505,906  Financial expenses  (647,600,236,079)  Profit or loss in an associate or joint  venture  52,722,444,486  Other income  12,438,456  Other costs  (327,869,704)  Current CIT expenses  (58,772,545,135)  Deferred CIT expense  2,250,873,784  Profit after CIT  297,409,288,870  Total costs incurred to purchase fixed assets and other long-term assets Total depreciation expense and long-term prepaid expense allocation  (196,901,788,609)  (283,718,402,007)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

VIII. OTHER INFORMATION (continued)

4. Segment information(continued)

a) Key reports by business segment (continued)

- Assets and liabilities by business line

| 01.01.2022  BOT project  Construction  Roads and bridges  maintenance  Transfer service  Other activities  Total  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  Segment property  32,355,512,700,711  386,534,208,363  32,340,788,493  13,111,179,415  34,415,559,262  32,821,914,436,244  Unallocated assets  1,141,574,807,146  Total assets  32,355,512,700,711  386,534,208,363  32,340,788,493  13,111,179,415  34,415,559,262  33,963,489,243,390  Segment liabilities  25,710,157,497,099  219,428,097,295  62,216,045,126  -  4,464,620,734  25,996,266,260,254  Unallocated liabilities  291,085,692,632  Total liabilities  25,710,157,497,099  219,428,097,295  62,216,045,126  -  4,464,620,734  26,287,351,952,886   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

VIII. OTHER INFORMATION (continued)

4. Segment information(continued)

a) Key reports by business segment (continued)

- Assets and liabilities by business line (continued)

| 31.12.2022  BOT project  Construction  Roads and bridges  maintenance  Transfer service  Other activities  Total  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  Segment property  33,657,835,517,377  349,768,004,297  333,005,847,353  12,885,790,212  399,279,658,288  34,752,774,817,527  Unallocated assets  900,457,666,980  Total assets  33,657,835,517,377  349,768,004,297  333,005,847,353  12,885,790,212  399,279,658,288  35,653,232,484,507  Segment liabilities  26,299,773,240,658  290,331,367,197  37,041,810,480  -  12,609,096,832  26,639,755,515,167  Unallocated liabilities  637,963,689,966  Total liabilities  26,299,773,240,658  290,331,367,197  37,041,810,480  -  12,609,096,832  27,277,719,205,133   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

VIII. OTHER INFORMATION (continued)

4. Segment information(continued)

b) Secondary report by Region long-term assets

| 2021  Bac Giang, Lang Son  Hue  Da Nang  Phu Yen, Khanh Hoa  Tien Giang  Total  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  Net revenue from  outbound sales  and service  provision  309,685,779,091  194,786,485,008  337,398,799,687  548,187,918,179  471,281,196,666  1,861,340,178,631  Part property  12,132,033,222,583  1,556,968,566,280  6,870,955,830,531  13,391,539,385,579  11,992,238,417  33,963,489,243,390  Total costs  incurred to  purchase fixed  assets and other  long-term assets  (238,841,815,462)  2022  Bac Giang, Lang Son  Hue  Da Nang  Phu Yen, Khanh Hoa  Tien Giang  Total  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  Net revenue from  outbound sales  and service  provision  286,349,845,288  213,878,178,970  354,888,957,777  1,132,256,189,732  107,209,579,657  2,094,582,751,424  Part property  12,763,032,800,755  1,412,542,097,878  7,448,716,812,690  14,028,940,773,184  35,653,232,484,507  Total costs  incurred to  purchase fixed  assets and other  (196,901,788,609)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

VIII. OTHER INFORMATION (continued)

5. Fair value of financial assets and liabilities a) Financial assets

| Book value  Fair value  31.12.2022  01.01.2022  31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Value  Provision  Value  Provision  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  Cash and cash  equivalents  382,261,109,037  -  262,383,481,328  -  382,261,109,037  262,383,481,328  Accounts receivable  from customers  204,928,657,469  (11,035,892,482)  404,339,772,954  (11,035,892,482)  193,892,764,987  393,303,880,472  Prepayment to supplier  260,602,778,486  (1,301,620,413)  270,344,864,920  (1,301,620,413)  259,301,158,073  269,043,244,507  Loan receivables  1,000,000,000  -  1,000,000,000  -  1,000,000,000  1,000,000,000  Other Receivables  561,653,131,117  (873,033,836)  341,992,963,056  (873,033,836)  560,780,097,281  341,119,929,220  Short-term financial  assets  72,830,731,676  -  70,208,972,303  -  72,830,731,676  70,208,972,303  Long-term financial  investment  531,096,348,432  -  478,373,903,946  -  531,096,348,432  478,373,903,946  Total  2,014,372,756,217  (13,210,546,731)  1,828,643,958,507  (13,210,546,731)  2,001,162,209,486  1,815,433,411,776   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

VIII. OTHER INFORMATION (continued)

5. Fair value of financial assets and liabilities (continued)

b) Financial liabilities

| Book value  Fair value  31.12.2022  01.01.2022  31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Value  Provision  Value  Provision  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  VND  Trade payable  1,517,181,422,897  -  1,580,798,650,818  -  1,517,181,422,897  1,580,798,650,818  Customers advance  111,933,245,928  -  7,648,775,163  -  111,933,245,928  7,648,775,163  Borrowings  20,652,702,778,926  -  21,107,662,002,452  -  20,652,702,778,926  21,107,662,002,452  Employees payable  13,722,454,189  -  11,610,951,228  -  13,722,454,189  11,610,951,228  Other payables  637,279,516,640  -  652,449,941,249  -  637,279,516,640  652,449,941,249  Total  22,932,819,418,580  -  23,360,170,320,910  -  22,932,819,418,580  23,360,170,320,910   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities is stated at the amount at which the financial instrument could be converted in a present transaction between knowledgeable and willing parties.

## VIII. OTHER INFORMATION (continued)

## 5. Fair value of financial assets and liabilities (continued)

## b) Financial liabilities (continued)

The Company uses the following methods and assumptions to estimate fair value:

- Fair value of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, loans, other receivables, borrowings, trade payables, employees, convertible shares and short-term payables other equivalent to the book value (deducting allowance for the probable uncollectible portion) of these items due to their short maturities.
- The fair value of available-for-sale financial assets listed on the stock market is the announced transaction price at the balance sheet date. The Company has not performed a formal assessment of unlisted available-for-sale financial assets. However, the Board of Management believes that the fair value of these financial assets is not significantly different from the carrying amount.

## 6. Purpose and risk management policy of the Company

## a) Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk that a party to a financial instrument or transaction contract will fail to fulfill its obligations, resulting in financial loss for the Company.

The Company is exposed to credit risks from its business activities (mainly receivables from customers) and financial activities (deposits with banks and other financial instruments).

- Accounts receivable from customers

The company minimizes credit risk by only dealing with units with good financial ability and the debt accountant regularly monitors receivables to urge recovery. Based on this and the Company's receivables related to many different customers, the concentration of credit risk on account receivables is low.

- Bank deposits

Most of the Company's bank deposits are deposited at large, reputable banks in Vietnam. The Company perceives a low concentration of credit risk on bank deposits

## b) Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will have difficulty in meeting its financial obligations due to lack of capital.

The BoM has the highest responsibility for liquidity risk management. The Company's liquidity risk arises mainly from the fact that its financial assets and financial liabilities have different maturities.

VIII. OTHER INFORMATION (continued)

6. Fair value of financial assets and liabilities (continued)

## b) Liquidity risk (continued)

The Company manages liquidity risk by maintaining an appropriate amount of cash and cash equivalents and borrowings at a level that the Board of Management considers sufficient to meet the Company's operational needs. company in order to minimize the impact of fluctuations in cash flows.

The following table summarizes the payment terms of the Company's financial liabilities based on the expected contractual payments on an undiscounted basis:

<!-- image -->

| ## Less than 01 year  ## 01-05 years VND  ## More than 05 years  Total  VND  VND  VND  As at 31.12.2022  Trade payable  1,094,900,651,814  422,280,771,083  -  1,517,181,422,897  Customer advance  111,933,245,928  -  -  111,933,245,928  Borrowings  872,603,704,822  10,794,289,911,653  8,985,809,162,451  20,652,702,778,926  Expenses payable  1,111,635,262,121  3,000,701,307,033  -  4,112,336,569,154  Other payables  664,565,688,704  56,750,748,994  5,500,000,000 VND  726,816,437,698  Total  ## 3,855,638,553,389  14,274,022,738,763  ## 8,991,309,162,451  ## 27,120,970,454,603   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The company considers that the risk concentration for debt repayment is low. The company has sufficient access to funds and loans due within 12 months can be renewed with existing lenders.

## VIII. OTHER INFORMATION (continued)

## 6. Purpose and risk management policy of the Company (continued)

## c) Market risk

RMarket risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market prices. Market risk includes 3 types: foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk. Financial instruments that are exposed to market risk include loans and debt, corporate bonds, deposits and financial investments.

The sensitivity analyzes presented below are based on net debt, the ratio of fixed-rate debt to floating-rate debt is unchanged.

- Foreign currency risk

Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates.

Since the Company was established and operated in Vietnam with the reporting currency of Vietnam Dong, the Company's main transaction currency is also VND. Therefore, the Company's foreign currency risk is not material. At the end of the period, the Company had a negligible principal balance in foreign currencies, so the Company did not perform a sensitivity analysis for foreign currencies.

- Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market interest rates.

The Company's interest rate risk is mainly related to cash, short-term deposits and loans.

The Company manages interest rate risk by analyzing market conditions to obtain the most profitable interest rates while remaining within its risk management limits.

The Company has not performed a sensitivity analysis for interest rates because the exposure to interest rate changes at the reporting date is negligible.

- Price risk
+ Risk on stock price

Listed and unlisted shares held by the Company are affected by market risks arising from uncertainty about the future value of the investment shares, leading to the value of the provision for diminution in value. Investment can increase/decrease. The company manages stock price risk by setting investment limits. The BoD also reviews and approves investment decisions in shares.

The Company will conduct the analysis and present the sensitivity due to the impact of stock price fluctuations on the business results when detailed instructions are provided by the regulatory authorities.

## VIII. OTHER INFORMATION (continued)

## 6. Purpose and risk management policy of the Company (continued)

## c) Market risk (continued)

- Price risk (continued)
+ Risk of real estate prices

The Company has identified the following risks associated with its real estate portfolio:

The cost of development projects can increase if there are delays in the planning process. To limit this risk, the Company hires consultants who specialize in specific planning requirements within the project scope in order to reduce risks that may arise during the planning process.

The fair value of the real estate portfolio is exposed to market and buyer fundamentals.

## 7. Information on Continuity

During the accounting period, there were no activities or events that had a material effect on the Company's ability  to  continue as a going concern. Therefore, the consolidated financial statements of the Company are prepared on the assumption that the Company will continue in business.

## 8. Comparative figures

The  comparative  figures  are  the  figures  in  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  the  fiscal  year  ended 31.12.2021, which have been audited by Southern Auditing and Financial Consulting Services Company Limited (AASCS).

Preparer

<!-- image -->

DANG THI HUYEN

<!-- image -->

NGUYEN VAN AN

NGUYEN QUANG HUY

## APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

1. Transactions with key management members and related individuals:

Key management members and related individuals include: members of the BoD, BoM and close members of the family of these individuals.

-Transactions with key management members and related individuals: None - Debts with key management members and related individuals: None. - Income of key management members

## Fiscal year ends December 31, 2022

2021

2022

VND

VND

| Remuneration for the BoD and BoS  2,087,000,000  777,835,000  Ho Minh Hoang  Chairman of the Board  360,000,000  120,000,000  Nguyen Tan Dong  Vice Chairman of the Board  240,000,000  96,000,000  Tran Van The  Vice Chairman of the Board  76,000,000  96,000,000  Nguyen Huu Hung  Vice Chairman of the Board  163,000,000  Vo Thuy Linh  Member of the BoD  180,000,000  60,000,000  Tran Chung  Member of the BoD  180,000,000  60,000,000  Nguyen Quang Huy  Member of the BoD  180,000,000  10,000,000  Nguyen Thanh Trang  Member of the BoD until November 1, 2021  -  50,000,000  Ha Huy Hung  Independent member of the BoD  57,000,000  10,000,000  Ho Quang Loi  Independent member of the BoD  123,000,000  Hoang Van Hai  Independent member of the BoD  180,000,000  60,000,000  Nguyen Minh Giang  Head of BoS  180,000,000  96,000,000  Cam Thi Minh Hai  Member of the BoS  84,000,000  60,000,000  Do The Vinh  Member of the BoS until April 26, 2021  -  19,068,000  Phan Thi Mai  Member of the BoS  84,000,000  40,767,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

1. Transactions with key management members and related individuals: (continued)

- Income of key management members (continued)

Fiscal year ends December 31, 2022

2021

2022

VND

VND

| Salary  3,891,286,232  1,385,807,453  Nguyen Quang Huy  General Director  910,000,000  315,000,000  Tran Van Chi  Standing Deputy Director  636,286,232  -  Vo Ngoc Trung  Deputy Director  520,000,000  400,000,000  Le Chau Thang  Deputy Director  410,000,000  -  Tran Van Dung  Deputy Director  450,000,000  264,285,714  Nguyen Quynh Mai  Deputy Director  455,000,000  46,521,739  Nguyen Van An  Chief accountant  510,000,000  360,000,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

## 2. Transactions with other related parties:

(*) Deo Ca Capital Company Limited was renamed from Deo Ca Financial Investment and Infrastructure Development Company Limited according to the 4th Change of Business Registration Certificate issued by Ho Chi Minh City Department of Planning and Investment Ho Chi Minh City issued on June 14, 2022

| Related parties  Relationship  Deo Ca Group JSC.  Parent company  ICV Vietnam Construction and Investment JSC.  Affiliates  Khanh Hoa Deo Ca BOT Investment JSC  Affiliates  Bac Giang - Lang Son - Huu Nghi BOT JSC.  Affiliates  Hung Phat BOT JSC.  Subsidiaries of the Parent Company  Ho Minh Hoang  Chairman of the Board  Hai Thach Investment BOT JSC.  Major shareholder  Vinalog Investment JSC.  Related companies of the CEO, Member of the BoD Nguyen Quang Huy  A2Z Construction Consulting JSC.  Related companies of BoS Member Phan Thi Mai until April 19, 2022  Deo Ca Security JSC.  Related companies of Head of BoS Nguyen Minh Giang  Hoang Long Construction Consulting JSC.  Related companies of the General Director, Member of the BoD Nguyen Quang Huy  until March 24, 2022  Trung Luong My Thuan BOT JSC.  Related companies of Chairman of the BoD Ho Minh Hoang, Vice Chairman of the BoD  Nguyen Tan Dong, Head of BoS Nguyen Minh Giang  Deo Ca Capital Company Limited (*)  Related companies of Chairman Ho Minh Hoang  Deo Ca Expressway  Management and Operation JSC.  Related companies of Deputy General Director Le Chau Thang; Member of the BoD  Vo Thuy Linh; Member of the BoD and General Director Nguyen Quang Huy; Vice  Chairman of the BoD Nguyen Huu Hung, Standing Deputy General Director Tran Van  Chi; Vice CEO Nguyen Quynh Mai; Chief Accountant Nguyen Van An; Administrator  Tran Tan Huy.  Saigon - Phu Yen Bridge Construction Investment Group JSC.  related companies of Vice Chairman of the BoD Nguyen Tan Dong, Head of BoS  Nguyen Minh Giang.  Deo Ca Construction JSC.  Related companies of Vice Chairman of the BoD Nguyen Huu Hung, Member of BoS  Cam Thi Minh Hai   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

2. Transactions with other related parties (continued)

During the year, the Company had transactions with related parties The main transactions were as follows:

Subsidiaries

| Company name  Benefit rate  Voting right  rate  Profit after tax  Undistributed  earnings  Bac Giang - Lang Son BOT JSC.  68.34%  68.34%  49,542,687,126  52,614,027,178  Deo Ca Investment JSC.  72.09%  72.09%  41,805,597,875  (341,143,438,990)  Phuoc Tuong Phu Gia BOT JSC.  99.47%  99.47%  27,873,878,633  38,226,466,256  Joint ventures, affiliates  Company name  Benefit rate  Voting right  rate  Profit after tax  Undistributed  earnings  ICV Vietnam Construction and Investment JSC.  21.95%  21.95%  16,786,868  13,426,004,152  Khanh Hoa Deo Ca BOT Investment JSC  47.21%  50.00%  100,492,106,857  275,175,904,725  Bac Giang - Lang Son - Huu Nghi BOT JSC.  31.60%  31.60%  (1,479,897,068)  3,535,483,061   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

2. Transactions with other related parties (continued)

During the year, the Company had transactions with related parties The main transactions were as follows (continued):

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  Related parties  Relationship  ## Transaction  VND  VND  ICV Vietnam Construction and  Investment JSC.  Affiliates  Sale of goods and services  -  29,306,754  Bottled water revenue  -  1,196,364  Steel revenue  -  28,110,390  Goods and services purchase  22,067,076,702  522,727,274  Cost of purchasing materials  22,067,076,702  -  Equipment and car rental costs  -  522,727,274  Khanh Hoa Deo Ca BOT  Investment JSC  Affiliates  Sale of goods and services  20,276,043,989  38,954,372,035  Revenue fromtoll booths  7,251,628,470  8,575,953,635  Average revenue  7,129,715,519  27,866,059,308  Revenue from tunnel and road  maintenance  5,894,700,000  2,512,359,092  Other transactions  -  15,000,000,000  Dividend distribution  -  15,000,000,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

2. Transactions with other related parties (continued)

During the year, the Company had transactions with related parties The main transactions were as follows (continued):

APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  Related parties  Relationship  ## Transaction content  VND  VND  Deo Ca Group JSC.  Parent company  Sale of goods and services  83,256,826,074  289,766,875,103  Revenue from construction  82,539,187,184  287,679,228,742  Bottled water revenue  -  2,900,908  Other revenue  717,638,890  2,084,745,453  Goods and services purchase  157,895,098,662  96,982,364,377  Construction expenses  147,124,326,018  58,650,691,815  Air ticket cost  2,315,541,846  5,800,372,661  Equipment and vehicle rental  5,062,371,298  -  Cost of providing information  technology  1,066,590,000  -  Cost of purchasing materials  2,278,903,500  30,352,498,005  Cost of master's training  -  200,000,000  Office rental costs  -  1,978,801,896  Cost of uniforms and staff training  47,366,000  -  Financial expenses  4,195,368,235  6,996,173,417  Interest expenses  4,195,368,235  6,996,173,417  Other transactions  122,295,000,000  119,600,000,000  Proceeds from borrowings  70,300,000,000  119,600,000,000  Repayment  51,995,000,000  -  Business Cooperation Contract  221,530,970,000  -  Business Cooperation Contract  221,530,970,000  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2. Transactions with other related parties (continued)

During the year, the Company had transactions with related parties The main transactions were as follows (continued):

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  Related parties  Relationship  ## Transaction content  VND  VND  Hai Thach Investment BOT  JSC.  Major shareholder  Financial expenses  10,125,677,282  5,540,931,508  Interest expense  10,125,677,282  5,540,931,508  Other transactions  428,119,850,000  125,400,000,000  Proceeds from borrowings  125,400,000,000  Repayment  69,288,600,000  -  Capital contribution  358,831,250,000  -  A2Z Construction Consulting  JSC.  Related companies of BoS Member  Phan Thi Mai until April 19, 2022  Sale of goods and services  95,454,546  27,125,936,684  Car rental revenue  95,454,546  381,818,184  Service Provider  -  26,744,118,500  Goods and services purchase  -  10,186,742,448  Car rental  -  Office rental  -  10,186,742,448  Financial expenses  -  19,397,260  Interest expenses  -  19,397,260  Other transactions  -  2,160,027,397  Repayment  -  2,000,000,000  Payment of loan interest  -  160,027,397  Deo Ca Security JSC.  Related companies of Head of BoS  Nguyen Minh Giang  Goods and services purchase  27,149,203,000  26,288,583,743  Security service fee  27,149,203,000  26,288,583,743   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

2. Transactions with other related parties (continued)

During the year, the Company had transactions with related parties The main transactions were as follows (continued):

| Fiscal year ended December 31  2022  2021  Related parties  Related parties  Transaction content  VND  VND  Hoang Long Construction  Consulting JSC.  Related companies of the General  Director, Member of the BoD  Nguyen Quang Huy until March 24,  2022  Sale of goods and services  106,363,638  430,909,086  Car rental revenue  106,363,638  430,909,086  Goods and services purchase  -  5,413,791,121  Cost of project testing, consulting  -  5,413,791,121  Trung Luong - My Thuan BOT  JSC.  Related companies of Chairman  of the BoD Ho Minh Hoang, Vice  Chairman of the BoD Nguyen Tan  Dong, Head of BoS Nguyen Minh  Giang  Sale of goods and services  30,196,388,355  327,272,728  Tunnel and road maintenance revenue  23,8611,084,943  -  Car rental revenue  109,090,908  327,272,728  Revenue from operating toll booths  6,226,2212,504  -  Deo Ca Expressway &amp;  Management and Operation  JSC.  Related companies of Deputy  General Director Le Chau Thang;  Member of the BoD Vo Thuy Linh;  Member of the BoD and CEO  Nguyen Quang Huy; Vice Chairman  of the BoD Nguyen Huu Hung,  Standing Deputy General Director  Tran Van Chi; Deputy General  Director Nguyen Quynh Mai;  chief accountant Nguyen Van An;  Administrator Tran Tan Huy.  Sale of goods and services  2,397,510,718  310,909,091  Other revenue  65,480,163  310,909,091  Revenue from construction activities  2,332,030,555  -  Goods and services purchase  -  22,563,005,455  Highway maintenance costs  -  22,563,005,455   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

2. Transactions with other related parties (continued)

During the year, the Company had transactions with related parties The main transactions were as follows (continued):

| Fiscal year ends December 31  2022  2021  Related parties  Related parties  Transaction content  VND  VND  Deo Ca Construction JSC.  Related companies of Vice  Chairman of the BoD Nguyen Huu  Hung, Member of BoS Cam Thi  Minh Hai  Sale of goods and services  88,177,621,332  -  Revenue from construction  87,608,092,712  -  Equipment and vehicle rental revenue  569,528,620  -  Goods and services purchase  61,051,931,885  -  Materials and labor cost  58,149,428,473  -  Equipment and vehicles rental  2,902,503,412  -  Bac Giang Lang Son Huu Nghi  BOT JSC.  Affiliates  Other transactions  -  10,000,000,000  Capital contribution  -  10,000,000,000  Vinalog Investment JSC.  Related companies of the General  Director, Member of the BoD  Nguyen Quang Huy  Other transactions  -  28,181,818,182  Property transfers  -  28,181,818,182  Northern Infrastructure  Investment JSC.  Nguyen Minh Giang's related  company until September 30, 2021  Financial expenses  -  5,504,876,712  Interest expenses  -  5,504,876,712  Deo Ca Capital Co., Ltd  Related companies of Chairman Ho  Minh Hoang  Other transactions  12,325,400,000  -  Debt collection to buy shares  12,325,400,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

3. Debts with other related parties

During the year, the Company had the following balances with related parties:

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Related parties  Relationship  Transaction content  VND  VND  SHORT-TERM ACCOUNT RECEIVABLES  156,948,746,334  156.948.746.334  Khanh Hoa Deo Ca BOT  Investment JSC  Affiliates  Mid-term construction receivables  5,241,465,095  4,895,625,934  Toll collection receivables  4,598,838,600  2,346,951,400  Tunnels and roads maintenance  receivables  3,520,876,000  775,564,000  Total  13,361,179,695  8,018,141,334  Deo Ca Group JSC.  Parent company  Short-term account receivables  -  140,481,698,327  Total  -  140,481,698,327  A2Z Construction Consulting  JSC.  Related companies of BoS Member  Phan Thi Mai until April 19, 2022  Car rental receivable  -  420,000,000  Service Receivables  -  6,236,906,673  Total  -  6,656,906,673  Deo Ca Expressway  Management and Operation  JSC.  Related companies of Deputy  General Director Le Chau Thang;  Member of the BoD Vo Thuy Linh;  Member of the BoD and General  Director Nguyen Quang Huy; Vice  Chairman of the BoD Nguyen Huu  Hung, Standing Deputy General  Director Tran Van Chi; Deputy  General Director Nguyen Quynh Mai;  Chief Accountant Nguyen Van An;  Administrator Tran Tan Huy.  Short-term account receivables  125,929,000  700,000,000  Total  125,929,000  700,000,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

3. Debts with other related parties (continued)

During the year, the Company had the following balances with related parties (continued):

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Related parties  Relationship  Transaction content  VND  VND  SHORT-TERM ACCOUNT RECEIVABLE (continued)  Hoang Long Construction  Consulting JSC.  Related companies of the General  Director, Member of the BoD  Nguyen Quang Huy until March 24,  2022  Car rental  -  594,000,000  Office rental  -  228,000,000  -  822,000,000  Trung Luong - My Thuan BOT  JSC.  Related companies of Chairman  of the BoD Ho Minh Hoang, Vice  Chairman of the BoD Nguyen Tan  Dong, Head of BoS Nguyen Minh  Giang  Tunnels and roads maintenance  21,710,096,063  -  Car rental  388,363,635  270,000,000  22,098,459,698  270,000,000  Saigon - Phu Yen Bridge  Construction Investment  Group JSC.  Related companies of Vice Chairman  of the BoD Nguyen Tan Dong, Head  of BoS Nguyen Minh Giang.  Short-term account receivables  6,800,000,000  -  6,800,000,000  Deo Ca Construction JSC.  Related companies of Vice Chairman  of the BoD Nguyen Huu Hung,  Member of BoS Cam Thi Minh Hai  Short-term account receivables  116,695,539,018  -  116,695,539,018  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

3. Debts with other related parties (continued)

During the year, the Company had the following balances with related parties (continued):

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Related parties  Relationship  Transaction content  VND  VND  PREPAYMENT TO SUPPLIER  -  10.442.505.000  Hoang Long Construction  Consulting JSC.  Related companies of the General  Director Member of the BoD  Nguyen Quang Huy until March 24,  2022  Prepayment to supplier  -  86,491,000  -  86,491,000  A2Z Construction Consulting  JSC.  Related companies of BoS Member  Phan Thi Mai until April 19, 2022  Prepayment to supplier  -  10,356,014,000  -  10,356,014,000  OTHER SHORT-TERM RECEIVABLE  16,184,272,000  16.184.272.000  Deo Ca Group JSC.  Parent company  Deposit for flight tickets  100,000,000  100,000,000  100,000,000  100,000,000  ICV Vietnam Construction and  Investment JSC.  Affiliates  construction works  3,758,872,000  3,758,872,000  3,758,872,000  3,758,872,000  Deo Ca Construction JSC.  Related companies of Vice Chairman  of the BoD Nguyen Huu Hung,  Member of BoS Cam Thi Minh Hai  Other receivables  6,839,007,547  -  6,839,007,547  -  Deo Ca Capital Co., Ltd  Related companies of Chairman Ho  Minh Hoang  Other receivables  -  12,325,400,000  -  12,325,400,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

3. Debts with other related parties (continued)

During the year, the Company had the following balances with related parties (continued):

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Related parties  Relationship  Transaction content  VND  VND  OTHER LONG-TERM  RECEIVABLES  272,455,954,504  50,924,984,504  Hung Phat BOT JSC.  Subsidiaries of the Parent Company  Dividend advance  50,924,984,504  50,924,984,504  50,924,984,504  50,924,984,504  Deo Ca Group JSC.  Parent company  Other receivables  221,530,970,000  -  221,530,970,000  -  SHORT-TERM TRADE PÂYBLE  522,959,804,523  438,357,412,901  Deo Ca Group JSC.  Parent company  Construction works  381,630,066,380  343,468,326,940  Materials purchase  37,782,586,521  19,270,116,299  Information technology  3,919,434,750  2,746,185,750  Uniforms  3,765,389,805  1,304,174,025  Master's training  580,000,000  580,000,000  Tools and assets purchase  558,936,253  558,936,253  Air tickets, other  30,348,070,704  24,809,821,120  458,584,484,413  392,737,560,387   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

3. Debts with other related parties (continued)

During the year, the Company had the following balances with related parties (continued):

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Related parties  Relationship  Transaction content  VND  VND  SHORT-TERM TRADE PÂYBLE (continued)  Deo Ca Security JSC.  Related companies of Head of BoS  Nguyen Minh Giang  Service provision  17,375,835,146  17,409,382,266  17,375,835,146  17,409,382,266  Hoang Long Construction  Consulting JSC.  Related companies of the CEO,  Member of the BoD Nguyen Quang  Huy until March 24, 2022  Service provision  -  1,796,396,412  -  1,796,396,412  ICV Vietnam Construction and  Investment JSC.  Affiliates  Materials purchase  9,660,979,849  -  9,660,979,849  -  Deo Ca Expressway  Management and Operation  JSC.  Related companies of Deputy  General Director Le Chau Thang;  Member of the BoD Vo Thuy Linh;  Member of the BoD and General  Director Nguyen Quang Huy; Vice  Chairman of the BoD Nguyen Huu  Hung, Standing Deputy General  Director Tran Van Chi; Deputy  General DirectorNguyen Quynh  Mai; Chief Accountant Nguyen Van  An; Administrator Tran Tan Huy.  Service provision  3,853,966,284  8,256,472,379  3,853,966,284  8,256,472,379   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

3. Debts with other related parties (continued)

During the year, the Company had the following balances with related parties (continued):

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Related parties  Relationship  Transaction content  VND  VND  SHORT-TERM TRADE PÂYBLE (continued)  A2Z Construction Consulting  JSC.  Related companies of BoS Member  Phan Thi Mai until April 19, 2022  Service provision  -  18,157,601,457  -  18,157,601,457  Deo Ca Construction JSC.  Related companies of Vice Chairman  of the BoD Nguyen Huu Hung,  Member of BoS Cam Thi Minh Hai  Service provision  33,484,538,831  -  33,484,538,831  -  LONG-TERM TRADE  PAYABLES  2,719,148,000  53,806,311,591  ICV Vietnam Construction and  Investment JSC.  Affiliates  Construction  2,719,148,000  2,719,148,000  2,719,148,000  2,719,148,000  A2Z Construction Consulting  JSC.  Related companies of BoS Member  Phan Thi Mai until April 19, 2022  Construction, office and car rental  -  32,328,941,346  -  32,328,941,346  Hoang Long Construction  Consulting JSC.  Related companies of the General  Director, Member of the BoD  Nguyen Quang Huy until March 24,  2022  Consulting service  -  18,758,222,245  -  18,758,222,245   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

3. Debts with other related parties (continued)

During the year, the Company had the following balances with related parties (continued):

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Related parties  Relationship  Transaction content  VND  VND  SHORT-TERM ACCOUNT  PÂYBLE  73,032,991,055  -  Deo Ca Group JSC.  Parent company  Construction  73,032,991,055  -  73,032,991,055  -  OTHER SHORT-TERM  PAYABLES  Total  113,538,196,112  33,591,059,194  Deo Ca Group JSC.  Parent company  Loan interest  26,298,646,606  22,103,278,371  Total  26,298,646,606  22,103,278,371  Hai Thach Investment BOT  JSC.  Major shareholder  Loan interest  21,613,458,105  11,487,780,823  Total  21,613,458,105  11,487,780,823  Deo Ca Construction JSC.  Related companies of Vice Chairman  of the BoD Nguyen Huu Hung,  Member of BoS Cam Thi Minh Hai  Warranty money waiting for settlement  65,626,091,401  Total  65,626,091,401  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

APPENDIX 1: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (continued)

3. Debts with other related parties (continued)

During the year, the Company had the following balances with related parties (continued):

| 31.12.2022  01.01.2022  Related parties  Relationship  Transaction content  VND  VND  SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS  55,036,895,603  55,036,895,603  41.331.895.603  Deo Ca Group JSC.  Parent company  Short-term borrowings  55,036,895,603  36,731,895,603  55,036,895,603  55,036,895,603  36.731.895.603  Hai Thach Investment JSC.  BOT  Major shareholder  Short-term borrowings  -  2,000,000,000  -  -  2.000.000.000  Hung Phat BOT JSC.  Subsidiaries of the Parent Company  Short-term borrowings  -  2,600,000,000  -  2,600,000,000  2.600.000.000  LONG-TERM BORROWINGS  58,111,400,000  125.400.000.000  Hai Thach Investment JSC.  BOT  Major shareholder  Long-term borrowings  58,111,400,000  125,400,000,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Transactions with related parties were performed in accordance with the provisions of Decree No. 155/2020/ND-CP dated December 31, 2020 detailing the implementation of a number of articles of the Securities Law and relevant regulations

<!-- image -->

## DEO CA TRAFFIC INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT JSC.

Phone:

0236 3730 574

Email:

info@hhv.com.vn

Website:

http://hhv.com.vn/

Address:

Km11 + 500 routes leading to the south of Hai Van tunnel,

Hoa Hiep Bac ward, Lien Chieu district, Da Nang city

<!-- image -->