## UGI CORPORATION

2022 Annual Report

## CORPORATE/spaceliningPROFILE

International distributor and marketer of energy products and services, including natural gas, LPG, electricity and renewable energy solutions, with robust infrastructure in key markets

## FY22 EPS Business Contribution

<!-- image -->

## Natural Gas

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Global LPG

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

1. Based on total customers

## UGI in numbers

<!-- image -->

- Second largest regulated gas utility in Pennsylvania 1
- Largest regulated gas utility in West Virginia 1
- A/ttractive historical rate base CAGR and ROE
- Strategic midstream assets and energy marketing business
- Significant fee-based income
- Largest retail LPG distributor in the US based on the volume of propane gallons distributed annually
- Broad geographic footprint with ~1,400 distribution locations serving customers in all 50 states
- LPG distributor in 17 countries throughout Europe
- Largest LPG distributor in France, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Luxembourg, and Hungary

## DEAR/spaceliningSHAREHOLDERS/commalining

Fiscal 2022 was another solid year for UGI as our diversified business portfolio and the focused execution of our 3R strategy yielded strong results in midst of a challenging macroeconomic environment.

Our company delivered the second highest EPS on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis in our history, with record earnings in our Utilities and Midstream &amp; Marketing segments. Our natural gas business continues to provide a/ttractive returns on our investment and we were pleased with the performance of our recent strategic acquisitions, most notably Mountaineer Gas, the largest gas utility in West Virginia, and Stonehenge Appalachia midstream natural gas gathering system, now referred to as UGI Moraine East.

The LPG business at UGI International continued its strong performance, matching the record results in the prior fiscal year. These results helped to mitigate the impact of headwinds faced at AmeriGas and in the European energy marketing operations, which stemmed from the impact of the geo-political situation and extreme variation in natural gas and electricity prices in Europe.

The entire Board of Directors want to extend their sincere gratitude to our dedicated employees who worked tirelessly to execute against our 3R strategy, which is to deliver reliable growth, invest in renewables, and rebalance our portfolio. Their commitment as we deployed record levels of capital and focused on margin management, expense control and serving our customers and communities, each and every day, culminated in these strong Fiscal 2022 results.

## Delivering reliable earnings growth.

In Fiscal 2022, the company reported GAAP earnings per share of $4.97 and adjusted earnings per share of $2.90 1 . We built on our track record of meeting long-term financial commitments, while executing on several growth and environmental, social, and governance ('ESG') initiatives.

## A proven business model

8.8% EPS CAGR (2012-22)

7.2% Dividend CAGR (2012-22)

138 years Paying Dividends

35 years Consecutively increasing dividends

1. Adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) is a non-GAAP measure. For reconciliation, see Item 7, 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations' ('MD&amp;A') included in UGI Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022.

We have a proven business model that creates long-term value for our shareholders. Our solid underlying base business, strong balance sheet and financial flexibility enables growth investments and positions us well for the future.

## ~15% Rate Base Growth (FY17-22)

## $562 FY22 Utilities Capital Spend

Our natural gas business had an outstanding year. At our regulated utilities:

-   We deployed a record level of capital, largely to replace and upgrade our gas distribution infrastructure as well as our critical systems. We are excited that we have a long runway to invest capital in infrastructure replacement and be/tterment, in both Pennsylvania and West Virginia, at a/ttractive rates of return.
-   Our Utilities segment also added more than 14,000 new residential and commercial heating customers, continuing a strong track record of annual customer growth.
-   We were also pleased to receive approval of our Pennsylvania gas base rate case that included a two-phase rate increase of $49.45 million starting in October 2022. In addition, this rate case included the approval for a weather normalization adjustment rider beginning in November 2022. This weather normalization adjustment provides

<!-- image -->

14,000+ FY22 Customer Additions more predictable earnings as a large portion of our margin is now weather protected, which be/tter enables us to generate reliable earnings. For our Pennsylvania residential and small commercial customers, the adjustment provides some payment relief in severely cold months, and provides for more stable gas bills overall.

Within the Midstream &amp; Marketing segment:

-   We continued to see a significant amount of margin being generated from fee-based arrangements, including take-or-pays and minimum volume commitments.
-   We expanded our interest in natural gas gathering systems in the Appalachian basin with the acquisition of UGI Moraine East, as well as the acquisition of the remaining interest in Pennant Midstream, LLC. These investments performed well and we were pleased with the strong production volumes during the Fiscal year.

Disproportionately investing in natural gas business and renewables in order to achieve a rebalanced portfolio and create sustainable value for our shareholders.

## In the Global LPG business:

-   UGI International's LPG business had a record year with higher unit margins amidst increased volatility in commodity costs and a modest increase in volume despite warmer than prior year weather. Our LPG business in Europe remains strong and is well-positioned to capitalize on new opportunities that may arise.

~2 LPG Gallons Sold

-   AmeriGas experienced strong national account volumes and sustained cylinder exchange volumes when compared to pre-pandemic levels. The business also continued to expand its cylinder home delivery service, Cynch, now offered in 25 cities in the US.
-   This year, we concluded our 3-year business transformation initiatives where we achieved total benefits of approximately $150 million at AmeriGas and €30 million at UGI International. These benefits helped to mitigate the impact of the inflationary cost environment that we experienced during Fiscal 2021 and 2022.

## Advancing our renewables growth strategy.

Renewables continues to be an area of focus and we believe that it will be a growth driver for UGI over the long term. Not only does it enhance our ability to deliver reliable earnings growth but it provides a realistic pathway for our customers to achieve lower carbon emissions. We are proud of the tremendous progress that we have made against our commitment to invest up to $1.25B in renewable energy solutions by 2025.

-   To date, we entered into several strategic partnerships with the intent to produce renewable natural gas and bioLPG, bringing our total renewables commitment to over $300 million.
-   Our RNG project at the Spruce Haven Farm in New York was commissioned on September 30th. Once fully operational, we expect to produce approximately 50 million cubic feet of renewable natural gas that will be sold to a local utility and the environmental credits separately marketed by our subsidiary, GHI Energy.
-   The Idaho RNG project, in which we have a minority interest, was also commissioned on September 30th and this facility is expected to produce roughly 250 million cubic feet of renewable natural gas annually. The RNG will be sold into an interstate pipeline and, similar to the other RNG projects, the environmental credits will be marketed by GHI Energy.

<!-- image -->

We've made important strides with these initial renewables commitments and look forward to additional investments that support our 3R strategy.

## Rebalancing our portfolio.

Over the last few years, we shared our intent to rebalance our portfolio to an even distribution of earnings from natural gas and renewables in comparison to global LPG. This year, we a/ttained a rebalanced portfolio driven by the headwinds in the global LPG business that led to reduced earnings contribution, and the record performance from our natural gas businesses.

## Diverse Business Fueling Long-Term Growth

<!-- image -->

## Advancing our Environmental, Social, and Governance initiatives.

Foundational to UGI's strategy is our commitment to operate in a sustainable and socially responsible manner. We've made important progress against all of our ESG commitments and in advancing on our Belonging, Inclusion, Diversity and Equity ('BIDE') initiative.

## In Fiscal 2022, UGI:

-   Replaced 155 miles of cast iron and bare steel in Pennsylvania and West Virginia. These investments not only enhance the safety, reliability, and efficiency of our system but also reduce fugitive methane emissions. UGI Utilities has reduced methane emissions by 90% since 1999.
-   Increased spending with diverse suppliers, progressing on our target to have a 25% or more increase in spend with diverse Tier I and Tier II suppliers by 2025.
-   Sustained investment in our employee resource groups, and expanded our Women's Impact Network across our global footprint. We also continued our partnerships with organizations such as the United Way, Big Brothers Big Sisters, and the Human Library Organization.
-   Partnered with a global non-profit organization, the World Central Kitchen, to assist Ukrainian refugees by providing funds for food and food supplies as well as propane to fuel their kitchens.
-   Recognized by a number of respected publications and institutions in 2022. Most notably, for the 18th time, UGI was listed among the Fortune 500, which comprises the 500 largest companies in the US.

<!-- image -->

A/fter more than 17 years of service to UGI Corporation, John Walsh has informed the Board of Directors of his decision to retire from the Board of UGI Corporation, effective as of the Company's Annual Meeting of Shareholders on January 27, 2023. John has served with distinction as an executive and Director of UGI Corporation, UGI Utilities, Inc. and AmeriGas Propane, Inc. Throughout his tenure, the Company experienced significant growth and value creation for UGI shareholders and executed on key strategic investments. John also made significant progress on the Company's critical ESG initiatives and strengthened UGI's position as a good corporate citizen with strong contributions to our communities. During his years of service, UGI increased its market cap from $2.4B in 2005 to over $8B today. We would like to thank John for his many years of service and his contributions to UGI.

## Looking to the future

We are confident that we are well-positioned to optimize shareholder value given our differentiated and resilient portfolio.

Fiscal 2023 will be a year where we strengthen our platform and lean into key strategic priorities. Over the long-term, we are confident that we are well-positioned to continue delivering reliable earnings growth, given our foundation and the investments that we are making across our business. We have a robust pipeline of a/ttractive investment opportunities which gives us confidence in our ability to deliver strong earnings growth in future years.

We thank you for your support and commitment, and look forward to keeping you updated on our progress in Fiscal 2023.

Frank S. Hermance Chair of the Board

<!-- image -->

Roger Perreault President and Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

Long track record of solid EPS and dividend growth driven by disciplined investments

Leading market positions in our target markets and strong operations

Superior range of clean and sustainable energy solutions for our customers

Strong track record of redeploying capital at a/ttractive long-term rates of return

Culture of innovation to succeed in evolving environments

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Adjusted EPS ($) 1

<!-- image -->

Dividend Per Share ($)

<!-- image -->

1. Adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) is a non-GAAP measure. For 2021-2022 reconciliation, see Item 7, MD&amp;A included in UGI Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. For 2012-2020 reconciliation, see Investor Update presentation, published on August 11, 2022, available under the caption 'Investors - Investor Overview - Events and Presentations' on the Company's website at www.ugicorp.com

## OUR/spaceliningENVIRONMENTAL/commalining SOCIAL/spaceliningAND/spaceliningGO VERNANCE/spacelining/parenleftlining'ESG'/parenrightlining HIGHLIGHTS

-  Released 4th annual ESG report titled, 'Transparency, Action and Progress,' highlighting strong progress on all key initiatives
-  MSCI upgraded UGI Corporation's ESG Rating to 'AA'
-  Named one of the 50 most community-minded companies in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Delaware for the second consecutive year

## Environmental

/fivesmall/fivesmall ﹪ /onesmall

5-year Scope I GHG emissions reduction target (using 2020 as the base year)

/ninesmall/zerosmall﹪﹢

Reduction in fugitive methane emission at UGI Utilities over the 20 years

/threesmall/fivesmall ﹪ /onesmall

Targeted reduction in Total Recordable Injuries by 2025 (using 2017 as the base year)

## Governance

/foursmall/fivesmall﹪ /twosmall Board Diversity

5  Y ears

Average Board Tenure

/eightsmall /twosmall﹪ /threesmall

Independent Directors and an Independent Board Chair

## Social

/twosmall/fivesmall﹪ /onesmall

Targeted spend improvement with diverse Tier I and Tier II suppliers by 2025 (using 2020 as the base year)

Executive compensation linked to safety and diversity &amp; inclusion

Partnership with the Human Library Organization to help organizations with their diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts

1.  Achievement of these goals is in progress. For more information on UGI's ESG initiatives, please see UGI's sustainability reports and visit www.ugiesg.com.
2. Diversity represents ethnicity and gender.
3. As defined under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange.

For more information on our Environmental, Social and Governance ('ESG') program, please see our 2021 Sustainability Report, which is available on our website. The information included in our Sustainability Reports is not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report.

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K

## ☑ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2022

☐ EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

TRANSITION  REPORT  PURSUANT  TO  SECTION  13  OR  15(d)  OF  THE  SECURITIES

For the transition period from  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Commission file number 1-11071

## UGI CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Pennsylvania

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)

23-2668356

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

460 North Gulph Road, King of Prussia, PA 19406

## (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(610) 337-1000

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| Title of Each Class:  Trading Symbol(s):  Name of each exchange on which registered:  Common Stock, without par value  UGI  New York Stock Exchange  Corporate Units  UGIC  New York Stock Exchange   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☑ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☑

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☑ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☑ No ☐

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  is  a  large  accelerated  filer,  an  accelerated  filer,  a  non-accelerated  filer,  a  smaller  reporting and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer ☑

Accelerated filer

☐ Non-accelerated filer

☐

Smaller reporting company ☐

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal  control  over  financial  reporting  under  Section  404(b)  of  the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act  (15  U.S.C.  7262(b))  by  the  registered  public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit repo rt. ☑

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐ No ☑

The  aggregate  market  value  of  UGI  Corporation  Common  Stock  held  by  non-affiliates  of  the  registrant  on  March  31,  2022  was $7,563,617,921.

At November 11, 2022, there were 209,690,320 shares of UGI Corporation Common Stock issued and outstanding.

Portions of the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on January 27, 2023 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.

## Table of Contents

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| Page  Glossary of Terms and Abbreviations  2  Forward-Looking Information  9  PART I:  Items 1. and 2. Business and Properties  9  Item 1A. Risk Factors  34  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  47  Item 3. Legal Proceedings  47  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  47  PART II:  Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity  Securities  48  Item 6. Selected Financial Data  49  Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  49  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  67  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  67  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  68  Item 9A. Controls and Procedures  68  Item 9B. Other Information  69  Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections  69  PART III:  Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  70  Item 11. Executive Compensation  70  Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  70  Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence  70  Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services  70  PART IV:  Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  73  Item 16. Form 10-K Summary  84  Signatures  86  Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules  F-2   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

## GLOSSARY OF TERMS AND ABBREVIATIONS

Terms and abbreviations used in this Form 10-K are defined below:

## UGI Corporation and Related Entities

AmeriGas OLP AmeriGas Propane, L.P., the principal operating subsidiary of AmeriGas Partners

AmeriGas Partners AmeriGas  Partners,  L.P.,  a  Delaware  limited  partnership  and  an  indirect  wholly  owned  subsidiary  of UGI; also referred to, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, as the 'Partnership'

AmeriGas  Propane  Reportable  segment  comprising  AmeriGas  Propane,  Inc.  and  its  subsidiaries,  including  AmeriGas Partners and AmeriGas OLP

AmeriGas Propane, Inc. A wholly owned second-tier subsidiary of UGI and the general partner of AmeriGas Partners; also referred to as the 'General Partner'

AvantiGas AvantiGas Limited, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of UGI International, LLC

Company UGI and its consolidated subsidiaries collectively

DVEP DVEP Investeringen B.V., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of UGI International, LLC

Electric Utility UGI Utilities' regulated electric distribution utility

Energy Services UGI Energy Services, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Enterprises

Enterprises UGI Enterprises, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of UGI

ESFC Energy Services Funding Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services

Flaga Flaga GmbH, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of UGI International, LLC

Gas Utility UGI's regulated natural gas businesses, inclusive of PA Gas Utility and WV Gas Utility

General Partner AmeriGas Propane, Inc., the general partner of AmeriGas Partners

GHI -GHI Energy, LLC, a Houston-based renewable natural gas company and indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services

HVAC UGI HVAC Enterprises, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Enterprises

Midstream &amp; Marketing Reportable segment comprising Energy Services, UGID and, prior to its sale in September 2020, HVAC

Mountaineer -Mountaineer Gas Company, a natural gas distribution company in West Virginia and a wholly owned subsidiary of Mountaintop Energy Holdings, LLC

Mountaintop Energy Holdings, LLC Parent  company  of  Mountaineer  and  wholly  owned  subsidiary  of  UGI,  acquired  on September 1, 2021

PA Gas Utility UGI Utilities' regulated natural gas distribution business, primarily located in Pennsylvania

Partnership AmeriGas Partners and its consolidated subsidiaries, including AmeriGas OLP

Pennant Pennant Midstream, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

PennEast PennEast Pipeline Company, LLC

## Table of Contents

Pine Run -Pine Run Gathering, LLC

UGI -UGI Corporation or, collectively, UGI Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries

UGI Appalachia -UGI Appalachia, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services

UGI France UGI France SAS ( a Société par actions simplifiée ), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of UGI International, LLC

UGI International -Reportable segment principally comprising UGI's foreign operations

UGI International, LLC -UGI International, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Enterprises

UGI PennEast, LLC A wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services that holds a 20% membership interest in PennEast

UGI Pine Run, LLC -A wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services that holds a 49% membership interest in Pine Run

Utilities Reportable segment comprising UGI Utilities and Mountaintop Energy Holdings, LLC

UGI Utilities UGI Utilities, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of UGI comprising PA Gas Utility and Electric Utility

UGID UGI Development Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services

UniverGas UniverGas Italia S.r.l, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of UGI International, LLC

WV Gas Utility -Mountaineer's regulated natural gas distribution business, located in West Virginia

## Other Terms and Abbreviations

2013 OICP UGI Corporation 2013 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan

4.75%  Senior  Note -A  private  placement  of  $90  million  principal  amount  of  senior  notes  due  July  2032,  issued  by  UGI Utilities

4.99% Senior Note A private placement of $85 million principal amount of senior notes due September 2052, issued by UGI Utilities

4.49%  Senior  Note -A  private  placement  of  $40  million  principal  amount  of  senior  notes  due  August  2052,  issued  by Mountaineer

2021 IAP UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan

2021 UGI Corporation Senior Credit Facility -An  amended  unsecured  senior  facilities  agreement  entered  into  on  May  4, 2021, by UGI which extended the maturity date of the previous three-year $300 million loan term facility included in the UGI Corporation Senior Credit Facility, now due in May 2025 and includes a new four-year $215 million term loan commitment

2022 AmeriGas OLP Credit Agreement entered into by AmeriGas OLP providing for borrowings of up to $600 million, with the option to increase to a maximum principal amount of $900 million assuming certain conditions are met, including a letter of credit subfacility of up to $100 million

2024 Purchase Contract -A forward stock purchase contract issued by UGI Corporation as a part of the issuance of Equity Units which obligates holders to purchase a number of shares of UGI Common Stock from the Company on June 1, 2024

ABO Accumulated Benefit Obligation

ACE AmeriGas Cylinder Exchange

## Table of Contents

Act 11 Act 11 of 2012

AFUDC Allowance for Funds Used During Construction

AmeriGas Merger The transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement pursuant to which AmeriGas Propane Holdings, LLC merged with and into the Partnership, on August 21, 2019, with the Partnership surviving as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of UGI

AmeriGas  OLP  Credit  Agreement -  The  second  amended  and  restated  credit  agreement  entered  into  by  AmeriGas  OLP providing for borrowings of up to $600 million, including a letter of credit subfacility of up to $150 million

AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

ASC Accounting Standards Codification

ASC 606 -ASC 606, 'Revenue from Contracts with Customers'

ASC 820 ASC 820, 'Fair Value Measurement'

ASC 980 -ASC 980, 'Regulated Operations'

ASU Accounting Standards Update

Bcf Billions of cubic feet

Board of Directors The board of directors of UGI

Btu British thermal unit

CARES Act -Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act

CDC -Centers for Disease Control and Prevention

CERCLA Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act

CFTC Commodity Futures Trading Commission

CMG Acquisition -Acquisition of Columbia Midstream Group, LLC and Columbia Pennant, LLC on August 1, 2019 pursuant to the CMG Acquisition Agreements

CMG Acquisition Agreements -Agreements related to the CMG Acquisition comprising (1) a purchase and sale agreement related  to  the  CMG  acquisition,  dated  July  2,  2019,  by  and  among  Columbia  Midstream  &amp;  Minerals  Group,  LLC,  Energy Services, UGI and TransCanada PipeLine USA Ltd., and (2) a purchase and sale agreement related to the Columbia Pennant, LLC  acquisition,  dated  July  2,  2019,  by  and  among  Columbia  Midstream  &amp;  Minerals  Group,  LLC,  Energy  Services,  and TransCanada PipeLine USA Ltd.

COA Consent Order and Agreement

CODM Chief Operating Decision Maker as defined in ASC 280, 'Segment Reporting'

Common Stock Shares of UGI common stock

Common Units Limited partnership ownership interests in AmeriGas Partners

Conemaugh  Conemaugh  generation  station,  a  1,711-megawatt,  coal-fired  electricity  generation  station  located  near Johnstown, Pennsylvania

Convertible Preferred Stock -Preferred stock of UGI titled 0.125% series A cumulative perpetual convertible preferred stock without par value and having a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share

## Table of Contents

Core market Comprises (1) firm residential, commercial and industrial customers to whom Utilities has a statutory obligation to  provide service who purchase their natural gas or electricity from Utilities; and (2) residential, commercial and industrial customers to whom Utilities has a statutory obligation to provide service who purchase their natural gas or electricity from others

COVID-19 -A novel strain of coronavirus disease discovered in 2019

DOT U.S. Department of Transportation

DSIC Distribution System Improvement Charge

Energy  Services  Credit  Agreement  Third  amended  and  restated  credit  agreement  entered  into  by  Energy  Services,  as borrower, providing for borrowings up to $260 million, including a letter or credit subfacility of up to $50 million, scheduled to expire in March 2025

EPACT 2005 Energy Policy Act of 2005

ERISA Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974

ERO Electric Reliability Organization

EU European Union

Equity Unit Agreements -Collection of agreements governing the rights, privileges and obligations of the holders of the Equity Units and UGI as issuer of the Equity Units, which were filed with the SEC on Form 8-K on May 25, 2021

Equity Unit -A corporate unit consisting of a 2024 Purchase Contract and 1/10th or 10% undivided interest in one share of Convertible Preferred Stock

Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended

FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission

FIFO -First-in, first-out inventory valuation method

Fiscal 2019 -The fiscal year ended September 30, 2019

Fiscal 2020 -The fiscal year ended September 30, 2020

Fiscal 2021 -The fiscal year ended September 30, 2021

Fiscal 2022 -The fiscal year ended September 30, 2022

Fiscal 2023 -The fiscal year ending September 30, 2023

Fiscal 2024 -The fiscal year ending September 30, 2024

Fiscal 2025 -The fiscal year ending September 30, 2025

Fiscal 2026 -The fiscal year ending September 30, 2026

Fiscal 2027 -The fiscal year ending September 30, 2027

GAAP U.S. generally accepted accounting principles

GDPR General Data Protection Regulation

## Table of Contents

GHG Greenhouse gas

GILTI -Global Intangible Low Taxed Income

Gwh Millions of kilowatt hours

Hunlock -  Hunlock  Creek  Energy  Center  located  near  Wilkes-Barre,  Pennsylvania,  a  174-megawatt  natural  gas-fueled electricity generating station

ICE Intercontinental Exchange

IRC -Internal Revenue Code

IREP Infrastructure Replacement and Expansion Plan

IRPA Interest rate protection agreement

IRS -Internal Revenue Service

IT Information technology

LIBOR London Inter-bank Offered Rate

LNG Liquefied natural gas

LPG Liquefied petroleum gas

LTIIP Long-term infrastructure improvement plans

MD&amp;A Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

MDPSC Maryland Public Service Commission

MGP Manufactured gas plant

Mountaineer Acquisition -Acquisition of Mountaintop Energy Holdings LLC, which closed on September 1, 2021

Mountaineer  Credit  Agreement  Third  amended  and  restated  credit  agreement  entered  into  by  Mountaineer,  as  borrower, providing  for  borrowings  up  to  $100  million,  with  the  option  to  increase  to  a  maximum  principal  amount  of  $200  million assuming  certain  conditions  are  met,  including  a  letter  or  credit  subfacility  of  up  to  $20  million,  scheduled  to  expire  in November 2024

Mountaineer 2023 Credit Agreement -Third amendment to the third amended and restated credit agreement entered into by Mountaineer, as borrower, providing for borrowings up to $150 million, with the option to increase to a maximum principal amount  of  $250  million  assuming  certain  conditions  are  met,  including  a  letter  or  credit  subfacility  of  up  to  $20  million, scheduled to expire in November 2024, with an option to extend the maturity date

NAV Net asset value

NOAA National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration

NOL -Net operating loss

NPNS Normal purchase and normal sale

NYDEC New York State Department of Environmental Conservation

NYMEX New York Mercantile Exchange

## Table of Contents

OSHA Occupational Safety and Health Act

PADEP Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection

PAPUC Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission

Partnership Agreement Fourth amended and restated agreement of Limited Partnership of AmeriGas Partners, L.P. dated as of July 27, 2009, as amended

PBO Projected benefit obligation

PennEnergy -PennEnergy Resources, LLC

PGA Purchased gas adjustment

PGC Purchased gas costs

PJM PJM Interconnection, LLC

PRP Potentially Responsible Party

PUHCA 2005 Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005

Receivables  Facility  A  receivables  purchase  facility  of  Energy  Services  with  an  issuer  of  receivables-backed  commercial paper

Retail  core-market  Comprises  firm  residential,  commercial  and  industrial  customers  to  whom  Utilities  has  a  statutory obligation to provide service that purchase their natural gas from Utilities

RNG Renewable natural gas

ROU -Right-of-use

ROD Record of Decision

SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission

Series  B  preferred  stock -Preferred  stock  of  UGI  titled  0.125%  series  B  cumulative  perpetual  preferred  stock  with  terms substantially identical to the Convertible Preferred Stock, except that it will not be convertible

Stonehenge -Stonehenge Energy Resources III, LLC, a portfolio company of Energy Spectrum Partners VIII, L.P.

Stonehenge Acquisition Acquisition of Stonehenge Appalachia, LLC, which closed January 27, 2022

Stock Unit Unit awards that entitle the grantee to shares of UGI Common Stock or cash subject to service conditions

TCJA Tax Cuts and Jobs Act

Temporary Rates Order Order issued by the PAPUC on March 15, 2018, that converted PAPUC approved rates of a defined group of large Pennsylvania public utilities into temporary rates for a period of not more than 12 months while the PAPUC reviewed effects of the TCJA

TSR -Total Shareholder Return

UGI comparator group -The Russell Midcap Utility Index, excluding telecommunications companies and beginning in Fiscal 2021, a custom UGI performance peer group

## Table of Contents

UGI Corporation Senior Credit Facility -An amended unsecured senior facilities agreement entered into on May 4, 2021, by UGI  comprising (1) a $250 million term loan due August 2024; (2) a $300 million term loan due May 2025; (3) a $215 million term loan due May 2025 and (3) a five-year $300 million revolving credit facility (including a $10 million sublimit for letters of credit)

UGI  International  2.50%  Senior  Notes -  An  underwritten  private  placement  of  €400  million  principal  amount  of  senior unsecured notes due December 1, 2029 issued by UGI International, LLC

UGI  International  3.25%  Senior  Notes  An  underwritten  private  placement  of  €350  million  principal  amount  of  senior unsecured notes originally  due  November 1,  2025,  issued  by  UGI  International,  LLC.  The  UGI  International  3.25%  Senior Notes were repaid  in December 2021.

UGI International Credit Facilities  Agreement A five-year  unsecured  senior  facilities  agreement  entered  into  in  October 2018, by UGI International, LLC comprising a €300 million term loan facility and a €300 million revolving credit facility, scheduled to expire in October 2023

UGI Performance Units Unit awards that entitle the grantee to shares of UGI Common Stock or cash subject to service and market performance conditions

UGI Utilities Credit Agreement -A five-year unsecured revolving credit agreement entered into by UGI Utilities on June 27, 2019, providing for borrowings up to $350 million, including a letter of credit subfacility of up to $100 million, scheduled to expire in June 2024

USD U.S. dollar

U.S. Pension Plans Consists of (1) a defined benefit pension plan for employees hired prior to January 1, 2009 of UGI, UGI Utilities and certain of UGI's other domestic wholly owned subsidiaries; and (2) a defined benefit pension plan for substantially all Mountaineer employees

Utilities  Term  Loan -  A  $125  million  unsecured  variable-rate  term  loan  agreement  entered  into  in  October  2017,  by  UGI Utilities, Inc., which was amended in July 2022 to extend its maturity date from October 2022 to July 2027

VEBA Voluntary Employees' Beneficiary Association

WHO -World Health Organization

WVPSC -Public Service Commission of West Virginia

## FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

Information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Such statements use forward-looking words such as 'believe,' 'plan,' 'anticipate,' 'continue,' 'estimate,' 'expect,' 'may,' or other similar words and terms of similar meaning, although not all forward-looking statements contain such words.  These statements discuss  plans,  strategies,  events  or  developments  that  we  expect  or  anticipate  will  or  may  occur  in  the  future.  All  forwardlooking statements made in this Report rely upon the safe harbor protections provided under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

A forward-looking statement may include a statement of the assumptions or bases underlying the forward-looking statement. We believe that we have chosen these assumptions or bases in good faith and that they are reasonable.  However, we caution you against relying on any forward-looking statement as these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to vary from assumed facts or bases, and the differences between actual results and assumed facts or bases can be material, depending on the circumstances.  When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind our Risk Factors included in Item 1A herein and the following important factors that could affect our future results and could cause those results  to  differ  materially  from  those  expressed  in  our  forward-looking  statements:  (1)  weather  conditions,  including increasingly uncertain weather patterns due to climate change, resulting in reduced demand, the seasonal nature of our business, and disruptions in our operations and supply chain; (2) cost volatility and availability of energy products, including propane and other LPG, electricity, and natural gas, as well as the availability of LPG cylinders, and the capacity to transport product to our customers; (3) changes in domestic and foreign laws and regulations, including safety, health, tax, transportation, consumer protection, data privacy, accounting, and environmental matters, such as regulatory responses to climate change; (4) inability to timely  recover  costs  through  utility  rate  proceedings;  (5)  the  impact  of  pending  and  future  legal  or  regulatory  proceedings, inquiries or investigations; (6) competitive pressures from the same and alternative energy sources; (7) failure to acquire new customers or retain  current  customers  thereby  reducing  or  limiting  any  increase  in  revenues;  (8)  liability  for  environmental claims; (9) increased customer conservation measures due to high energy prices and improvements in energy efficiency and technology resulting in reduced demand; (10) adverse labor relations and our ability to address existing or potential workforce shortages; (11) customer, counterparty, supplier, or vendor defaults; (12) liability for uninsured claims and for claims in excess of insurance coverage, including those for personal injury and property damage arising from explosions, acts of war, terrorism, natural  disasters,  pandemics,  and  other  catastrophic  events  that  may  result  from  operating  hazards  and  risks  incidental  to generating  and  distributing  electricity  and  transporting,  storing  and  distributing  natural  gas  and  LPG  in  all  forms;  (13) transmission  or  distribution  system  service  interruptions;  (14)  political,  regulatory  and  economic  conditions  in  the  United States, Europe and other foreign countries, including uncertainties related to the war between Russia and Ukraine, the European energy crisis, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, particularly the euro; (15) credit and capital market conditions, including reduced access to capital markets and interest rate fluctuations; (16) changes in commodity market prices resulting in significantly  higher  cash  collateral  requirements;  (17)  impacts  of  our  indebtedness  and  the  restrictive  covenants  in  our  debt agreements; (18) reduced distributions from subsidiaries impacting the ability to pay dividends or service debt; (19) changes in Marcellus and Utica Shale gas production; (20) the availability, timing and success of our acquisitions, commercial initiatives and investments to grow our businesses; (21) our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and achieve anticipated synergies; (22) the interruption, disruption, failure, malfunction, or breach of our information technology systems, and those of our  third-party  vendors  or  service  providers,  including  due  to  cyber  attack;  (23)  the  inability  to  complete  pending  or  future energy  infrastructure  projects;  (24)  our  ability  to  achieve  the  operational  benefits  and  cost  efficiencies  expected  from  the completion  of  pending  and  future  business  transformation  initiatives,  including  the  impact  of  customer  service  disruptions resulting in potential customer loss due to the transformation activities; (25) our ability to attract, develop, retain and engage key  employees;  (26)  uncertainties  related  to  a  global  pandemic,  including  the  duration  and/or  impact  of  the  COVID-19 pandemic; (27) the impact of proposed or future tax legislation; (28) the impact of declines in the stock market or bond market, and a low interest rate environment, on our pension liability; (29) our ability to protect our intellectual property; and (30) our ability  to  overcome  supply  chain  issues  that  may  result  in  delays  or  shortages  in,  as  well  as  increased  costs  of,  equipment, materials or other resources that are critical to our business operations.

These  factors  are  not  necessarily  all  of  the  important  factors  that  could  cause  actual  results  to  differ  materially  from  those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could also have material adverse effects  on  future  results.    Any  forward-looking  statement  speaks  only  as  of  the  date  on  which  such  statement  is  made.  We undertake no obligation (and expressly disclaim any obligation) to update publicly any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information or future events except as required by the federal securities laws.

## PART I:

## ITEMS 1. AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES

## CORPORATE OVERVIEW

UGI  Corporation  is  a  holding  company  that,  through  subsidiaries  and  affiliates,  distributes,  stores,  transports  and  markets energy products and related services.  In the U.S., we own and operate (1) a retail propane marketing and distribution business,

## Table of Contents

(2) natural gas and electric distribution utilities, and (3) energy marketing (including RNG), midstream infrastructure, storage, natural gas gathering and processing, natural gas production, electricity generation and energy services businesses.  In Europe, we market and distribute propane and other LPG, and market other energy products and services. Our subsidiaries and affiliates operate principally in the following four business segments:

- AmeriGas Propane
- UGI International
- Midstream &amp; Marketing
- Utilities

The AmeriGas Propane segment consists of the propane distribution business of AmeriGas Partners, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary  of  UGI.  The  Partnership  conducts  its  domestic  propane  distribution  business  through  its  principal  operating subsidiary,  AmeriGas  OLP,  and  is  the  nation's  largest  retail  propane  distributor  based  on  the  volume  of  propane  gallons distributed annually. The general partner of AmeriGas Partners is our wholly owned subsidiary, AmeriGas Propane, Inc.

The UGI International segment consists of LPG distribution businesses conducted by our subsidiaries and affiliates in Austria, Belgium,  the  Czech  Republic,  Denmark,  Finland,  France,  Hungary,  Italy,  Luxembourg,  the  Netherlands,  Norway,  Poland, Romania,  Slovakia,  Sweden,  Switzerland  and  the  United  Kingdom.  In  addition,  UGI  International  conducts  an  energy marketing business in France, Belgium and the Netherlands.  Based on market volumes for 2021, which is the most recent information available, UGI International believes that it is the largest distributor of LPG in France, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Luxembourg and Hungary and one of the largest distributors of LPG in Norway, Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, the Netherlands and Sweden.

The  Midstream  &amp;  Marketing  segment  consists  of  energy-related  businesses  conducted  by  our  indirect,  wholly  owned subsidiary, Energy Services.  These businesses (i) conduct energy marketing, including RNG, in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States and California, (ii) own and operate natural gas liquefaction, storage and vaporization facilities and propane-air mixing  assets,  (iii)  manage  natural  gas  pipeline  and  storage  contracts,  (iv)  develop,  own  and  operate  pipelines,  gathering infrastructure  and  gas  storage  facilities  in  the  Marcellus  and  Utica  Shale  regions  of  Pennsylvania,  eastern  Ohio,  and  the panhandle of West Virginia, (v) own electricity generation facilities, and (vi) own RNG production facilities. Energy Services and its subsidiaries' storage, LNG and portions of its midstream transmission operations are subject to regulation by the FERC.

The Utilities segment consists of the regulated natural gas (PA Gas Utility) and electric (Electric Utility) distribution businesses of our wholly owned subsidiary, UGI Utilities, and the regulated natural gas distribution business of our indirect, wholly owned subsidiary, Mountaineer.  PA Gas Utility serves customers in eastern and central Pennsylvania and in portions of one Maryland county,  and  Mountaineer  serves  customers  in  West  Virginia.    Electric  Utility  serves  customers  in  portions  of  Luzerne  and Wyoming counties in northeastern Pennsylvania. PA Gas Utility is subject to regulation by the PAPUC and FERC and, with respect to its customers in Maryland, the MDPSC. Mountaineer is subject to regulation by the WVPSC and FERC.  Electric Utility is subject to regulation by the PAPUC and FERC.

## Business Strategy

Our business strategy is to grow the Company by focusing on our core competencies of distributing, storing, transporting and marketing energy products and services.  We utilize our core competencies from our existing diversified businesses and our international experience, extensive asset base and access to customers to accelerate both organic growth and growth through acquisitions in our existing businesses, as well as in related and complementary businesses.

We identified and communicated to our investors three key elements that we believe will advance our strategy: (1) providing reliable earnings growth; (2) investing in renewable energy solutions; and (3) rebalancing our portfolio, with an emphasis on natural gas and renewable energy solutions. The following discussion highlights some of our key accomplishments in these areas during Fiscal 2022.

## Reliable Earnings Growth

We are committed to consistently growing our earnings and plan to continue this growth through increased investments in our regulated  utilities  businesses,  generating  significant  fee-based  income  in  our  Midstream  and  Marketing  operations,  and investing in high-growth and more weather resilient markets at our LPG businesses. We strive to be the preferred provider in all markets we serve and remain focused on making continuous improvements and focusing on growth across our business.

At our Utilities segment, we completed the acquisition of Mountaineer in Fiscal 2021 and continued integration efforts in Fiscal 2022. In September 2022, PA Gas Utility received PAPUC approval for a $49.45 million annual base distribution rate increase through a phased approach, with an increase of $38 million beginning in October 2022 and an additional increase of $11.45 million beginning in October 2023. In addition, PA Gas Utility is authorized to implement a weather normalization adjustment rider  as  a  five-year  pilot  program  beginning  on  the  effective  date  of  the  new  rates.  See  Note  9  to  Consolidated  Financial Statements  for  additional  information.  In  addition,  our  natural  gas  businesses  completed  a  number  of  transactions  in  the renewable energy space, which we believe will contribute to our earnings growth.  For more information on these transactions, see 'Investment in Renewable Energy' below.

At  our  Midstream  &amp;  Marketing  segment,  Energy  Services  completed  the  acquisition  of  Stonehenge  in  January  2022.  The Stonehenge business includes a natural gas gathering system located in Western Pennsylvania, comprised of more than 47 miles of pipeline and associated compression assets. This acquisition is consistent with our growth strategies, including our goal to expand  our  midstream  natural  gas  gathering  assets  within  the  Appalachian  basin  production  region.  Our  Midstream  and Marketing  business  also  continues  to  provide  a  stable  earnings  stream,  which  is  underpinned  by  fee-based  contracts  from customers. This fee-based income is derived from fixed fee peaking, storage and gathering, and fixed rate, variable volume gathering and marketing transactions.  In Fiscal 2022, approximately 84% of Midstream and Marketing's total margin was feebased.

In  Fiscal  2022,  AmeriGas  Propane  continued  its  expansion  of  its  Cynch  propane  home  delivery  services,  with  Cynch  now available  in  25  cities  as  of  September  30,  2022.  Similarly,  UGI  International  offers  propane  cylinder  vending  machines  in several  European  countries.    These  programs  are  convenient  for  customers,  and  we  believe  they  will  position  us  for  future growth.

## Investment in Renewable Energy

We are pursuing investments in a number of key renewable energy areas, including RNG, bio-LPG and renewable dimethyl ether ('rDME'), among others. Our natural gas businesses are actively exploring RNG opportunities involving both distribution and RNG feedstock infrastructure, and our LPG businesses are developing bio-LPG sources to augment our existing bio-LPG source  in  Sweden.  We  believe  that  UGI  is  particularly  well-positioned  to  develop  investment  opportunities  in  these  rapidly emerging  markets  due  to  our  competencies  in  project  development,  project  execution,  gas  transportation  and  storage,  and energy marketing.

We expect to utilize our existing natural gas and LPG distribution infrastructure to deliver RNG and bio-LPG to the customers we serve. In most cases, these renewable solutions can be delivered to our customers with no additional local infrastructure, incremental investments by our customers, or community disruption related to infrastructure buildout.

In  Fiscal  2022,  we  completed the following transactions, which we believe will provide a foundation for growth within the renewable energy space:

## Table of Contents

- Energy Services invested in a joint venture to develop dairy farm digester projects that produce RNG in upstate New York.  In October 2021, Energy Services announced a project that includes the construction of a manure digester and gas upgrading equipment. Once completed, the project is expected to produce 55 million cubic feet of RNG annually. In  September  2022,  Energy  Services  announced  a  similar  project  that  is  expected  to  produce  approximately  150 million cubic feet of RNG annually.  The more than 200 million cubic feet of RNG produced annually from these two projects will be delivered to a local natural gas pipeline serving the regional distribution system.
- In October 2021, PA Gas Utility received regulatory approval from the PAPUC to purchase RNG as part of a five-year pilot program intended to explore how PA Gas Utility can integrate RNG into its supply portfolio to produce economic and environmental benefits for its customers. In January 2022, PA Gas Utility began accepting RNG into its pipeline distribution system pursuant to an interconnect agreement. When fully operational, the interconnect will be capable of accommodating up to 5.3 billion cubic feet of RNG supply each year. The introduction of RNG supply into PA Gas Utility's distribution system provides benefits to the environment and to the communities we serve by lowering net carbon emissions. It is anticipated that this project will reduce CO2 emissions by an amount equivalent to removing 67,000 passenger vehicles over the course of a calendar year.
- In December 2021, UGI International received approval from the European Commission to launch a joint venture in calendar year 2022 to advance the production and use of rDME, a low-carbon sustainable liquid gas. We anticipate the development of up to six production plants within the next five years, targeting a total production capacity of 300,000 tons of rDME per year by 2027.
- In January 2022, UGI entered into a 15-year agreement to produce renewable fuels from renewable-ethanol in the U.S. and Europe. UGI expects to make investments to build and operate multiple production facilities over the next 15 years, significantly increasing the supply of renewable-propane and sustainable aviation fuel, with the goal of having the  first  production  facility  onstream  in  Fiscal  2024  with  an  annual  production  target  of  approximately  50  million gallons of combined renewable fuels.
- In February 2022, Pennant announced that it entered into a series of agreements to accept delivery of RNG into its natural  gas  gathering  system.  The  project  is  scheduled  to  become  operational  in  2023.  When  fully  operational,  the Pennant system will take up to 6,500 Mcf (thousand cubic feet) per day of RNG supply. Energy Services will manage construction of an interconnecting pipeline and interconnection with Pennant.
- In February 2022, AmeriGas entered into a multi-year agreement to purchase and distribute renewable LPG. AmeriGas will leverage its supply and logistics infrastructure and sales and marketing teams to market and distribute renewable LPG to new and existing customers primarily in the state of California.
- In  April  2022,  Energy  Services  acquired  a  33%  equity  interest  in  Ag-Grid  Energy  LLC  ('Ag-Grid'),  a  renewable energy producer with projects in the U.S. Ag-Grid develops and operates small scale renewable power projects that support local energy demands while lowering emissions.  Ag-Grid also has a strong pipeline of dairy and food waste digester  projects  that  are  expected  to  produce  additional  renewable  power  and  RNG.  Energy  Services,  through  its subsidiary GHI, will be the exclusive off-taker and marketer of RNG for Ag-Grid.
- In May 2022, Energy Services entered into an agreement to fully fund the first set of RNG projects currently under development in South Dakota. In total, the project will represent over $70 million of investment, of which 100% of the funds will be provided by Energy Services. The first set of projects will be built at three farms and is expected to generate approximately 300 million cubic feet of RNG annually once completed in calendar year 2024. Dairy waste from the farms will be anaerobically digested and then piped to a central upgrading facility before it is delivered into the interstate natural gas system.

These projects provide a range of benefits, including reducing our carbon footprint while also addressing increased customer demand for low carbon energy sources, and we expect to continue to expand our renewable energy investments in the upcoming years.

## Rebalancing Our Portfolio

In Fiscal 2019, we completed the AmeriGas Merger, whereby AmeriGas Partners became a wholly owned subsidiary of UGI and increased LPG's contribution to UGI's overall product mix. We announced our plan to rebalance our portfolio through both organic growth and investment in natural gas and renewable energy solutions.

In Fiscal 2022, we executed on our rebalancing strategy through several transactions and investments, including the Stonehenge Acquisition  and  the  aforementioned  investments  in  renewable  energy.    In  addition  to  these  transactions  and  investments, Utilities continued to execute on its infrastructure replacement and system betterment program, with record capital expenditures

## Table of Contents

in Fiscal 2022 and additional expenditures expected in the coming years. Utilities remains on schedule to achieve its goal of replacing the cast iron portions of its gas mains by March 2027 and the bare steel portion of its gas mains by September 2041. We believe that the replacement of aging infrastructure results in increased contributions to rate base growth and also reduces emissions while improving operational efficiency.

## Environmental Strategy

We  believe  that  corporate  sustainability  is  critical  to  our  overall  business  success  and  we  are  committed  to  growing  the Company in an environmentally responsible way.  UGI's environmental strategy is focused on three main areas: reducing our emissions; reducing our customers' emissions affordably, reliably, and responsibly; and investing in renewable solutions. To support  our  strategy,  we  have  made  the  following  environmental  commitments  discussed  below  while  also  committing  to continue to grow our earnings per share and dividends.

- Scope 1 Emissions Reduction Commitment - Reduce Scope 1 GHG emissions by 55% by 2025 (using Fiscal 2020 as a baseline).  Our Scope 1 emissions reduction target does not include emissions from the Mountaineer Acquisition, which closed in September 2021. The emissions from the Pine Run acquisition, announced in February 2021, will be included in the baseline 2020 number as this investment will contribute to our goal. The 2020 base number also takes a five year emissions average from the Hunlock generation facility to account for year-over-year differences in run time.
- Methane Emissions Reduction Commitment - Reduce methane emissions by 92% by 2030 and 95% by 2040.
- Pipeline  Replacement  and  Betterment  Commitment - Replace all cast  iron  pipelines  by  2027  and  all  bare  steel  by 2041. Our pipeline replacement and betterment activities better enable us to achieve our emissions reductions goals.
- Renewable  Investment  -  Invest  between  $1  billion  and  $1.25  billion  by  2025.  Such  renewable  investments  better enable us to achieve our emissions reductions goals.

We report our  progress  on  the  environmental  goals  and  commitments  annually  in  our  Sustainability  Reports,  including  our Scope 1 and 2 emissions, air quality impact, and water management efforts.  Our Sustainability Reports may be accessed on our website under 'ESG - Resources - Sustainability Reports.'  Information published in our Sustainability Reports is not intended to be incorporated into this Report.

In formulating our environmental strategy, our management and Board of Directors consider certain risks and uncertainties that may materially impact our financial condition and results of operations.  For more information on these risks and uncertainties, see 'Risk Factors - The potential effects of climate change may affect our business, operations, supply chain and customers, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.'

## Corporate Information

UGI was  incorporated  in  Pennsylvania  in  1991.    The  Company  is  not  subject  to  regulation  by  the  PAPUC  but,  following completion of the Mountaineer Acquisition, is a regulated 'holding company' under PUHCA 2005.  PUHCA 2005 and the implementing  regulations  of  FERC  give  FERC  access  to  certain  holding  company  books  and  records  and  impose  certain accounting,  record-keeping,  and  reporting  requirements  on  holding  companies.    PUHCA  2005  also  provides  state  utility regulatory commissions with access to holding company books and records in certain circumstances.

Our executive offices are located at 460 North Gulph Road, King of Prussia, Pennsylvania 19406, and our telephone number is (610)  337-1000.    In  this  Report,  the  terms  'Company'  and  'UGI,'  as  well  as  the  terms  'our,'  'we,'  'us,'  and  'its'  are sometimes  used  as  abbreviated  references  to  UGI  Corporation  or,  collectively,  UGI  Corporation  and  its  consolidated subsidiaries.    For  further  information  on  the  meaning  of  certain  terms  used  in  this  Report,  see  'Glossary  of  Terms  and Abbreviations.'

The Company's corporate website can be found at www.ugicorp.com.  Information on our website, including the information published in our Sustainability Reports, is not intended to be incorporated into this Report.  The Company makes available free of charge at this website (under the 'Investors - Financial Reports - SEC Filings and Proxies' caption) copies of its reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, including its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and its Current Reports on Form 8-K.  The Company's Principles of Corporate Governance, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and Supplier Code of Business Conduct and Ethics are available on the Company's website under the  caption  'Company  -  Leadership  and  Governance  -  Governance  Documents.'    The  charters  of  the  Audit,  Corporate Governance, Compensation and Management Development, Pension, and Safety, Environmental and Regulatory Compliance Committees of the Board of Directors are available on the Company's website under the caption 'Company - Leadership and Governance  -  Committees  &amp;  Charters.'    All  of  these  documents  are  also  available  free  of  charge  by  writing  to  Director,

## Table of Contents

Investor Relations, UGI Corporation, P.O. Box 858, Valley Forge, PA 19482.

## AMERIGAS PROPANE

## Products, Services and Marketing

Our  domestic  propane  distribution  business  is  conducted  through  AmeriGas  Propane.  AmeriGas  Propane  serves  nearly  1.3 million  customers  in  all  50  states  from  approximately  1,400  propane  distribution  locations.  Typically,  propane  distribution locations  are  in  suburban  and  rural  areas  where  natural  gas  is  not  readily  available.  Our  local  offices  generally  consist  of operations facilities and propane storage.  As part of its overall transportation and distribution infrastructure, AmeriGas Propane operates as an interstate carrier in all states throughout the continental U.S.

AmeriGas  Propane  sells  propane  primarily  to  residential,  commercial/industrial,  motor  fuel,  agricultural  and  wholesale customers.  AmeriGas Propane distributed approximately 1 billion gallons of propane in Fiscal 2022.  Approximately 85% of AmeriGas Propane's Fiscal 2022 sales (based on gallons sold) was to retail accounts and approximately 15% was to wholesale accounts.  Sales  to  residential  customers  in  Fiscal  2022  represented  approximately  30%  of  retail  gallons  sold;  commercial/ industrial customers 40%; motor fuel customers 21%; and agricultural customers 4%.  Transport gallons, which are large-scale deliveries to retail customers other than residential, accounted for approximately 5% of Fiscal 2022 retail gallons.  No single customer represents more than 5% of AmeriGas Propane's consolidated revenues.

The ACE program continued to be an important element of AmeriGas Propane's business in Fiscal 2022.  At September 30, 2022, ACE cylinders were available at approximately 50,000 retail locations throughout the U.S.  Sales of our ACE cylinders to retailers are included in commercial/industrial sales.  The ACE program enables consumers to purchase or exchange propane cylinders at various retail locations such as home centers, gas stations, mass merchandisers and grocery and convenience stores. In  addition,  we  continued  to  expand  our  Cynch  propane  home  delivery  service,  which  is  now  available  in  25  cities  as  of September  30,  2022.    We  also  supply  retailers  with  large  propane  tanks  to  enable  them  to  replenish  customers'  propane cylinders directly at the retailers' locations.

Residential  and  commercial  customers  use  propane  primarily  for  home  heating,  water  heating  and  cooking  purposes. Commercial users include hotels, restaurants, churches, warehouses and retail stores.  Industrial customers use propane to fire furnaces, as a cutting gas and in other process applications.  Other industrial customers are large-scale heating accounts and local gas utility customers that use propane as a supplemental fuel to meet peak load deliverability requirements.  As a motor fuel, propane is burned in internal combustion engines that power school buses and other over-the-road vehicles, forklifts and stationary  engines.  Agricultural  uses  include  tobacco  curing,  chicken  brooding,  crop  drying  and  orchard  heating.    In  its wholesale operations, AmeriGas Propane principally sells propane to large industrial end-users and other propane distributors.

Retail deliveries of propane are usually made to customers by means of bobtail and rack trucks.  Propane is pumped from the bobtail  truck,  which  generally  holds  2,400  to  3,000  gallons  of  propane,  into  a  stationary  storage  tank  on  the  customer's premises.  AmeriGas Propane owns most of these storage tanks and leases them to its customers.  The capacity of these tanks ranges from approximately 120 gallons to approximately 1,200 gallons.  AmeriGas Propane also delivers propane in portable cylinders,  including  ACE  and  motor  fuel  cylinders.    Some  of  these  deliveries  are  made  to  the  customer's  location  where cylinders are either picked up or replenished in place.

During Fiscal 2022, we made technology and other investments to promote the safety of our employees and the communities we serve.  For example, (i) we continued installing cameras in our delivery and service vehicles to facilitate in-cab coaching capabilities, among other functionality, and (ii) we continued to install fall protection towers on rail terminals that are designed to prevent employees from falling during the process of offloading propane into bulk storage.

## Propane Supply and Storage

The  U.S.  propane  market  has  approximately  170  domestic  and  international  sources  of  supply,  including  the  spot  market. Supplies  of  propane  from  AmeriGas  Propane's  sources  historically  have  been  readily  available.  In  recent  years,  certain geographies experienced varying levels of reduced propane availability as a result of transportation issues within the supply chain.  In  response  to  these  supply  and  transportation  challenges,  AmeriGas  Propane  utilized  a  combination  of  increased regional storage as well as rail and transport supply from different origins to offset localized supply/demand imbalances.

In addition to these factors, the availability and pricing of propane supply has historically been dependent upon, among other things, the severity of winter weather, the price and availability of competing fuels such as natural gas and crude oil, and the

## Table of Contents

amount  and  availability  of  exported  supply  and,  to  a  much  lesser  extent,  imported  supply.  For  more  information  on  risks relating  to  our  supply  chain,  see  'Risk  Factors  -  Risks  Relating  to  Our  Supply  Chain  and  Our  Ability  to  Obtain  Adequate Quantities of LPG.'

During Fiscal 2022, approximately 99% of AmeriGas Propane's propane supply was purchased under supply agreements with terms of one to three years.  Although no assurance can be given that supplies of propane will be readily available in the future, management currently expects to be able to secure adequate supplies during Fiscal 2023.  If supply from major sources were interrupted,  however,  the  cost  of  procuring  replacement  supplies  and  transporting  those  supplies  from  alternative  locations might be materially higher and, at least on a short-term basis, margins could be adversely affected.  In Fiscal 2022, AmeriGas Propane derived approximately 13% of its propane supply from Enterprise Products Operating LLC, and approximately 10% of its  propane  supply  from  each  of  Crestwood  Services  LLC  and  Targa  Liquids  Marketing  and  Trade  LLC.    No  other  single supplier provided more than 10% of AmeriGas Propane's total propane supply in Fiscal 2022.  In certain geographic areas, however, a single supplier provides more than 50% of AmeriGas Propane's requirements. Disruptions in supply in these areas could also have an adverse impact on AmeriGas Propane's margins.

AmeriGas  Propane's  supply  contracts  typically  provide  for  pricing  based  upon  (i)  index  formulas  using  the  current  prices established  at  a  major  storage  point  such  as  Mont  Belvieu,  Texas,  or  Conway,  Kansas,  or  (ii)  posted  prices  at  the  time  of delivery.  In addition, some agreements provide maximum and minimum seasonal purchase volume guidelines.  The percentage of contract purchases, and the amount of supply contracted for at fixed prices, will vary from year to year.  AmeriGas Propane uses  a  number  of  interstate  pipelines,  as  well  as  railroad  tank  cars,  delivery  trucks  and  barges,  to  transport  propane  from suppliers  to  storage  and  distribution  facilities.  AmeriGas  Propane  stores  propane  at  various  storage  facilities  and  terminals located in strategic areas across the U.S.

Because  AmeriGas  Propane's  profitability  is  sensitive  to  changes  in  wholesale  propane  costs,  AmeriGas  Propane  generally seeks to pass on increases in the cost of propane to customers.  There is no assurance, however, that AmeriGas Propane will always be able to pass on product cost increases fully, or keep pace with such increases, particularly when product costs rise rapidly.  Product cost increases can be triggered by periods of severe cold weather, supply interruptions, increases in the prices of base commodities, such as crude oil and natural gas, or other unforeseen events.  AmeriGas Propane has supply acquisition and product cost risk management practices to reduce the effect of volatility on selling prices.  These practices currently include the  use  of  summer  storage,  forward  purchases  and  derivative  commodity  instruments,  such  as  propane  price  swaps.  See 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Market Risk Disclosures.'

The following graph shows the average prices of propane on the propane spot market during the last five fiscal years at Mont Belvieu, Texas, and Conway, Kansas, both major storage areas.

## Average Propane Spot Market Prices

<!-- image -->

## Table of Contents

## General Industry Information

Propane  is  separated  from  crude  oil  during  the  refining  process  and  also  extracted  from  natural  gas  or  oil  wellhead  gas  at processing plants.  Propane is normally transported and stored in a liquid state under moderate pressure or refrigeration for economy and ease of handling in shipping and distribution.  When the pressure is released or the temperature is increased, it is usable  as  a  flammable  gas.  Propane  is  colorless  and  odorless;  an  odorant  is  added  to  allow  for  its  detection.    Propane  is considered a clean alternative fuel under the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, producing negligible amounts of pollutants when properly consumed.

## Competition

Propane competes with other sources of energy, some of which are less costly for equivalent energy value.  Propane distributors compete  for  customers  with  suppliers  of  electricity,  fuel  oil  and  natural  gas,  principally  on  the  basis  of  price,  service, availability and portability.  Electricity is generally more expensive than propane on a Btu equivalent basis, but the convenience and efficiency of electricity make it an attractive energy source for consumers and developers of new homes.  Fuel oil, which is also a major competitor of propane, is currently more expensive than propane and is a less environmentally attractive energy source.  Furnaces and appliances that burn propane will not operate on fuel oil, and vice versa, and, therefore, a conversion from one fuel to the other requires the installation of new equipment.  Propane serves as an alternative to natural gas in rural and suburban areas where natural gas is unavailable or portability of product is required.  Natural gas is generally a significantly less  expensive  source  of  energy  than  propane,  although  in  areas  where  natural  gas  is  available,  propane  is  used  for  certain industrial and commercial applications and as a standby fuel during interruptions in natural gas service.  The gradual expansion of  the  nation's  natural  gas  distribution  systems  has  resulted  in  the  availability  of  natural  gas  in  some  areas  that  previously depended upon propane.  However, natural gas pipelines are not present in many areas of the country where propane is sold for heating and cooking purposes.

For motor fuel customers, propane competes with gasoline, diesel fuel, electric batteries, fuel cells and, in certain applications, LNG and compressed natural gas.  Wholesale propane distribution is a highly competitive, low margin business.  Propane sales to other retail distributors and large-volume, direct-shipment industrial end-users are price sensitive and frequently involve a competitive bidding process.

Retail propane industry volumes have been declining for several years and no or modest growth in total demand is foreseen in the next several years. Therefore, AmeriGas Propane's ability to grow within the industry is dependent on the success of its sales and marketing programs designed to attract and retain customers, the success of business transformation initiatives, its ability  to  achieve  internal  growth,  which  includes  the  continuation  of  the  ACE,  Cynch  and  National  Accounts  programs (through which multi-location propane users enter into a single AmeriGas Propane supply agreement rather than agreements with multiple suppliers), and its ability to acquire other retail distributors.  The failure of AmeriGas Propane to retain and grow its customer base would have an adverse effect on its long-term results.

The domestic propane retail distribution business is highly competitive.  AmeriGas Propane competes in this business with other  large  propane  marketers,  including  other  full-service  marketers,  and  thousands  of  small  independent  operators.    Some farm  cooperatives,  rural  electric  cooperatives  and  fuel  oil  distributors  include  propane  distribution  in  their  businesses  and AmeriGas Propane competes with them as well.  The ability to compete effectively depends on providing high quality customer service,  maintaining  competitive  retail  prices  and  controlling  operating  expenses.    AmeriGas  Propane  also  offers  customers various payment and service options, including guaranteed price programs, fixed price arrangements and pricing arrangements based on published propane prices at specified terminals.

In Fiscal 2022, AmeriGas Propane's retail propane sales totaled approximately 890 million gallons.  Based on the most recent annual survey by the Propane Education &amp; Research Council, 2020 domestic retail propane sales (annual sales for other than chemical uses) in the U.S. totaled approximately 9.4 billion gallons.  Based on LP-GAS magazine rankings, 2020 sales volume of the ten largest propane distribution companies (including AmeriGas Propane) represented approximately 33% of domestic retail propane sales.

## Properties

As of September 30, 2022, AmeriGas Propane owned approximately 87% of its 525 local offices throughout the country.  The transportation  of  propane  requires  specialized  equipment.  The  trucks  and  railroad  tank  cars  utilized  for  this  purpose  carry specialized  steel  tanks  that  maintain  the  propane  in  a  liquefied  state.  As  of  September  30,  2022,  the  Partnership  operated  a transportation fleet with the following assets:

## Table of Contents

| Approximate Quantity &amp; Equipment Type  % Owned  % Leased  870  Trailers  69%  31%  320  Tractors  1%  99%  680  Railroad tank cars  0%  100%  2,520  Bobtail trucks  7%  93%  320  Rack trucks  14%  86%  2,950  Service and delivery trucks  14%  86%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other assets owned at September 30, 2022 included approximately 934,000 stationary storage tanks with typical capacities of more than 120 gallons, approximately 4.3 million portable propane cylinders with typical capacities of 1 to 120 gallons, 21 terminals and 11 transflow units.

## Trade Names, Trade and Service Marks

AmeriGas Propane markets propane and other services principally under the 'AmeriGas ® ,' 'America's Propane Company ® ,' 'Propane  That's  Pro-You ℠ '  and  'Cynch ® '  trade  names  and  related  service  marks  and  continues  to  maintain  the  'Driving Every Day ® ' and 'Relationships Matter ® ' trademarks.  UGI owns, directly or indirectly, all the right, title and interest in the 'AmeriGas' name and related trade and service marks.  The General Partner owns all right, title and interest in the 'America's Propane Company' trade name and related service marks.  The Partnership has an exclusive (except for use by UGI, AmeriGas, Inc.,  AmeriGas Polska Sp. z.o.o. and the General Partner), royalty-free license to use these trade names and related service marks.  UGI and the General Partner each have the option to terminate its respective license agreement (except its licenses with permitted transferees and on 12 months' prior notice in the case of UGI), without penalty, if the General Partner is removed as general partner of the Partnership for cause.  If the General Partner ceases to serve as the general partner of the Partnership other than for cause, the General Partner has the option to terminate its license agreement upon payment of a fee to AmeriGas Propane, L.P. equal to the fair market value of the licensed trade names.  UGI has a similar termination option; however, UGI must provide 12 months' prior notice in addition to paying the fee to AmeriGas OLP.  UGI and the General Partner each also have the right to terminate its respective license agreement in order to settle any claim of infringement, unfair competition or similar claim or if the agreement has been materially breached without appropriate cure.

## Seasonality

Because many customers use propane for heating purposes, AmeriGas Propane's retail sales volume is seasonal.  During Fiscal 2022,  approximately  64%  of  the  Partnership's  retail  sales  volume  occurred,  and  substantially  all  of  AmeriGas  Propane's operating income was earned, during the peak heating season from October through March.  As a result of this seasonality, revenues  are  typically  higher  in  AmeriGas  Propane's  first  and  second  fiscal  quarters  (October  1  through  March  31).    Cash receipts are generally greatest during the second and third fiscal quarters when customers pay for propane purchased during the winter heating season.  As a result of the AmeriGas Merger, we expect that UGI will continue to derive a greater percentage of its earnings during the peak heating season of October through March as well.  For more information on the risks associated with the seasonality of our business, see 'Risk Factors - Our business is seasonal and decreases in the demand for our energy products and services because of warmer-than-normal heating season weather or unfavorable weather conditions may adversely affect our results of operations.'

Sales  volume  for  AmeriGas  Propane  traditionally  fluctuates  from  year-to-year  in  response  to  variations  in  weather,  prices, competition, customer mix and other factors, such as conservation efforts and general economic conditions.  For information on national weather statistics, see 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.'

## Government Regulation

AmeriGas  Propane  is  subject  to  various  federal,  state  and  local  environmental,  health,  safety  and  transportation  laws  and regulations  governing  the  storage,  distribution  and  transportation  of  propane  and  the  operation  of  bulk  storage  propane terminals.

## Environmental

Generally, applicable environmental laws impose limitations on the discharge of pollutants, establish standards for the handling of  solid  and  hazardous  substances,  and  require  the  investigation  and  cleanup  of  environmental  contamination.    These  laws include, among others, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, CERCLA, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the

## Table of Contents

Homeland Security Act of 2002, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, comparable state statutes and any applicable amendments.  The Partnership incurs expenses associated with compliance with its obligations under federal and state environmental laws and regulations, and we believe that the Partnership is in material compliance with its obligations. The Partnership  maintains  various  permits  that  are  necessary  to  operate  its  facilities,  some  of  which  may  be  material  to  its operations.  AmeriGas  Propane  continually  monitors  its  operations  with  respect  to  potential  environmental  issues,  including changes in legal requirements.

AmeriGas Propane is investigating and remediating contamination at a number of present and former operating sites in the U.S., including sites where its predecessor entities operated MGPs. CERCLA and similar state laws impose joint and several liability  on  certain  classes  of  persons  considered  to  have  contributed  to  the  release  or  threatened  release  of  a  'hazardous substance'  into  the  environment  without  regard  to  fault  or  the  legality  of  the  original  conduct.  Propane  is  not  a  hazardous substance within the meaning of CERCLA.

## Health and Safety

AmeriGas Propane is subject to the requirements of OSHA and comparable state laws that regulate the protection of the health and safety of our workers. These laws require the Partnership, among other things, to maintain information about materials, some of which may be hazardous or toxic, that are used, released, or produced in the course of our operations. Certain portions of  this  information  must  be  provided  to  employees,  federal  and  state  and  local  governmental  authorities  and  responders, commercial and industrial customers and local citizens in accordance with applicable federal and state Emergency Planning and Community  Right-to-Know  Act  requirements.  AmeriGas  Propane's  operations  are  also  subject  to  federal  safety  hazard communication requirements and reporting obligations.

All states in which AmeriGas Propane operates have adopted fire safety codes that regulate the storage, distribution, and use of propane. In some states, these laws are administered by state agencies, and in others they are administered on a municipal level. AmeriGas  Propane  conducts  training  programs  to  help  ensure  that  its  operations  are  in  compliance  with  applicable governmental  regulations.  With  respect  to  general  operations,  AmeriGas  Propane  is  subject  in  all  jurisdictions  in  which  it operates to rules and procedures governing the safe handling of propane, including those established by National Fire Protection Association Pamphlets No. 54 and No. 58, various state, local and international codes (including international fire, building and fuel gas codes), and OSHA fall protection standards. Management believes that the policies and procedures currently in effect at  all  of  its  facilities  for  the  handling,  storage,  distribution  and  use  of  propane,  as  well  as  its  fall  protection  standards,  are consistent with industry standards and are in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable laws and regulations.

With respect to the transportation of propane by truck, AmeriGas Propane is subject to regulations promulgated under federal legislation, including the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Act, the Hazardous Materials &amp; Transportation Act and the Homeland Security Act of 2002. Regulations under these statutes cover the security and transportation of hazardous materials, including propane for purposes of these regulations, and are administered by the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration of the DOT. The Natural Gas Safety Act of 1968 required the DOT to develop and enforce minimum safety regulations for the transportation of gases by pipeline. The DOT's pipeline safety regulations apply to, among other things, a propane gas system that supplies 10 or more residential customers or two or more commercial customers from a single source and to a propane gas system any portion of which is located in a public place. The DOT's pipeline safety regulations require operators of all gas systems  to  provide  operator  qualification  standards  and  training  and  written  instructions  for  employees  and  third  party contractors working on covered pipelines and facilities, establish written procedures to minimize the hazards resulting from gas pipeline  emergencies, and conduct and keep records of inspections and testing. Operators are subject to the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002. Management believes that the procedures currently in effect at all of AmeriGas Propane's facilities for  the  handling,  storage,  transportation  and  distribution  of  propane  are  consistent  with  industry  standards  and  are  in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable laws and regulations.

## Climate Change

There  continues  to  be  concern,  both  nationally  and  internationally,  about  climate  change  and  the  contribution  of  GHG emissions, most notably carbon dioxide, to global warming. Because propane is considered a clean alternative fuel under the federal Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, the Partnership anticipates that this will provide it with a competitive advantage over other sources of energy, such as fuel oil and coal, to the extent new climate change regulations become effective. At the same time, increased regulation of GHG emissions, especially in the transportation sector, could impose significant additional costs on AmeriGas Propane, its suppliers, its vendors and its customers. In recent years, there has been an increase in state initiatives aimed at regulating GHG emissions. For example, the California Environmental Protection Agency established a Cap &amp; Trade program that requires certain covered entities, including propane distribution companies, to purchase allowances to

## Table of Contents

compensate  for  the  GHG  emissions  created  by  their  business  operations.  Compliance  with  these  types  of  regulations  may increase our operating costs if we are unable to pass on these costs to our customers.

## Employees

The Partnership does not directly employ any persons responsible for managing or operating the Partnership.  The General Partner provides these services and is reimbursed for its direct and indirect costs and expenses, including all compensation and benefit costs.  At September 30, 2022, the General Partner had approximately 4,700 employees, including more than 150 parttime,  seasonal  and  temporary  employees,  working  on  behalf  of  the  Partnership.    UGI  also  performs,  and  is  reimbursed  for, certain financial and administrative services on behalf of the Partnership and AmeriGas OLP.

## UGI INTERNATIONAL

UGI International, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, conducts (i) an LPG distribution business in 17 countries throughout Europe  (Austria,  Belgium,  the  Czech  Republic,  Denmark,  Finland,  France,  Hungary,  Italy,  Luxembourg,  the  Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom), and (ii) an energy marketing business in France, Belgium and the Netherlands.  Based on market volumes for 2021, which is the most recent information available, UGI International believes that it is the largest distributor of LPG in France, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Luxembourg and Hungary and one of the largest distributors of LPG in Norway, Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, the Netherlands and Sweden.

## Products, Services and Marketing

## LPG Distribution Business

During Fiscal 2022, UGI International sold approximately 990 million gallons of LPG throughout Europe. UGI International operates  under  six  distinct  LPG  brands,  and  its  customer  base  primarily  consists  of  residential,  commercial,  industrial, agricultural,  wholesale  and  automobile  fuel  (''autogas'')  customers  that  use  LPG  for  space  heating,  cooking,  water  heating, motor  fuel,  leisure  activities,  crop  drying,  irrigation,  construction,  power  generation,  manufacturing  and  as  an  aerosol propellant.  For Fiscal 2022, 45% of UGI International's LPG volume was sold to commercial and industrial customers, 18% was sold to residential, 11% was sold to agricultural and 26% was sold to wholesale and other customers (including autogas). UGI International supplies LPG to its customers in small, medium and large bulk tanks at their locations.  In addition to bulk sales, UGI International sells LPG in cylinders through retail outlets, such as supermarkets, individually owned stores and gas stations and directly to businesses that operate LPG-powered forklifts.  Sales of LPG are also made to service stations to fuel vehicles that run on LPG.  UGI International's Fiscal 2022 LPG sales (based on volumes) were attributed to bulk, cylinder, wholesale and autogas. For Fiscal 2022, no single customer represented more than 5% of UGI International's revenues.

## Bulk

Approximately 62% of UGI International's Fiscal 2022 LPG sales (based on volumes) were attributed to bulk customers. UGI International classifies its bulk customers as small, medium or large bulk, depending upon volume consumed annually at the customer locations.  Based on volumes consumed, small bulk customers are primarily residential and small business users, such as  restaurants,  that  use  LPG  mainly  for  heating  and  cooking.  Medium  bulk  customers  consist  mainly  of  large  residential housing developments, hospitals, hotels, municipalities, medium-sized industrial enterprises and poultry brooders.  Large bulk customers include agricultural customers (including crop drying) and companies that use LPG in their industrial processes. UGI International had approximately 504,000 bulk LPG customers and sold 617 million gallons of bulk LPG during Fiscal 2022.

## Cylinder

Approximately 15% of UGI International's Fiscal 2022 LPG sales (based on volumes) were attributed to cylinder customers. UGI International sells LPG in both steel and composite cylinders and typically owns the cylinders in which the LPG is sold. The principal end-users of cylinders are residential customers who use LPG for domestic applications, such as cooking and heating.    Non-residential  uses  include  fuel  for  forklift  trucks,  road  construction  and  welding.  At  September  30,  2022,  UGI International had more than 20 million cylinders in circulation and sold approximately 151 million gallons of LPG in cylinders during Fiscal 2022. UGI International also delivers LPG to wholesale and retail customers in cylinders, including through the use of vending machines.

## Wholesale, Autogas and Other Services

Approximately 19% of UGI International's Fiscal 2022 LPG sales (based on volumes) were to wholesale customers (including small competitors and large industrial customers), and approximately 3% of Fiscal 2022 LPG sales (based on volumes) were to autogas customers.  UGI International also provides logistics, storage and other services to third-party LPG distributors.

## Table of Contents

## Energy Marketing Business

In Fiscal 2022, UGI International marketed and supplied natural gas and electricity to small and medium enterprises, schools and  municipalities  through  third-party  distribution  systems  in  France,  Belgium,  the  Netherlands  and  the  United  Kingdom. During Fiscal 2022, UGI International announced that it was conducting a strategic review of its energy marketing business in Europe and considering all options related to the continuation of the business, including a sale or wind-down.  In October 2022, UGI International sold its energy marketing business located in the United Kingdom, and in November 2022, UGI International announced  its  intent  to  sell  its  energy  marketing  business  located  in  France.  For  further  information,  see  'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Executive Overview - Recent Developments.'

## LPG Supply, Storage and Transportation

UGI  International  is  typically  party  to  term  contracts,  with  more  than  45  different  suppliers,  including  producers  and international oil and gas trading companies, to meet LPG supply requirements throughout Europe.  LPG supply is transported via  rail  and  sea,  and  by  road  for  shorter  distances.  Agreements  are  generally  one-year  terms  with  pricing  based  on internationally quoted market prices. Additionally, LPG is purchased on the European spot markets to manage supply needs.  In certain  geographic  areas  (the  United  Kingdom),  a  single  supplier  may  provide  50%  or  more  of  UGI  International's requirements.  Because  UGI  International's  profitability  is  sensitive  to  changes  in  wholesale  LPG  costs,  UGI  International generally  seeks  to  pass  on  increases  in  the  cost  of  LPG  to  its  customers.  There  can  be  no  assurance,  however,  that  UGI International will always be able to pass on product cost increases fully, or keep pace with such increases, particularly when product  costs  rise  rapidly.  Product  cost  increases  can  be  triggered  by  periods  of  severe  cold  weather,  supply  interruptions, increases in the prices of base commodities such as crude oil and natural gas, or other unforeseen events.

During Fiscal 2022, we experienced a significant increase in natural gas prices in Europe due to a shortage in natural gas supply exacerbated  by  the  war  between  Russia  and  Ukraine.  The  severity  and  longevity  of  reductions  has  been  varied  across  the European market. Production has returned to normal at some refineries, while other refineries continue to operate at lower rates and some have permanently ceased operations. The significant increase in European natural gas prices has resulted in refineries substituting a portion of their natural gas refinery fuels with LPG leading to a decrease in some areas in the availability of LPG. In addition, gas processing plants supplying the United Kingdom and Norway markets are injecting LPG into the natural gas grid, decreasing the overall supply of LPG from the gas processing plants.

UGI International stores LPG at various storage facilities and terminals located across Europe and has interests in both primary storage  facilities  and  secondary  storage  facilities.    LPG  stored  in  primary  storage  facilities  is  transported  to  smaller  storage facilities by rail and road. At secondary storage facilities, LPG is loaded into cylinders or trucks equipped with tanks and then is delivered  to  customers.  UGI  International  also  manages  an  extensive  logistics  and  transportation  network  and  has  access  to seaborne import facilities.

UGI International transports LPG to customers primarily through outsourced transportation providers to serve both bulk and cylinder markets. UGI International has long-term relationships with many providers of logistics and transportation services in most of its markets, and is not dependent on the services of any single transportation provider.

## Trade Names, Trade and Service Marks

UGI International protects its intellectual property rights through tradenames, trade and service marks and foreign intellectual property laws. UGI International and its subsidiaries utilize a variety of tradenames, including, but not limited to, AmeriGas (Poland), Antargaz, AvantiGas, FLAGA, Kosan Gas and UniverGas, and related service marks to market its LPG products and services  and  energy  marketing  services.  UGI  International  and  its  subsidiaries  currently  have  tradenames,  trade  and  service marks  registered  in  various  countries.  UGI  International's  trademarks,  tradenames  and  other  proprietary  rights  are  valuable assets and we believe that they have significant value in the marketing of our products and services.

## Competition and Seasonality

The LPG markets in western and northern Europe are mature, with modest declines in total demand due to competition with other fossil fuels and other energy sources, conservation and macroeconomic conditions.  Sales volumes are affected principally by the severity of the weather and customer migration to alternative energy forms, including natural gas, electricity, heating oil and  wood.  High  LPG  prices  also  may  result  in  slower  than  expected  growth  due  to  customer  conservation  and  customers seeking less expensive alternative energy sources.  Conversely, high natural gas prices versus LPG prices over a period of time will result in customers seeking to migrate to LPG. In addition, government policies and incentives that favor alternative energy sources, such as heat pumps as well as wind and solar sources, can result in customers migrating to energy sources other than LPG.  In addition to price, UGI International competes for customers in its various markets based on contract terms.  UGI

## Table of Contents

International  competes  locally  as  well  as  regionally  in  many  of  its  service  territories.    Additionally,  particularly  in  France, although UGI International supplies certain supermarket chains, it also competes with some of these supermarket chains that affiliate with LPG distributors to offer their own brands of cylinders. UGI International seeks to increase demand for its LPG cylinders through marketing and product innovations, such as the use of automatic vending machines.

In its energy marketing business, UGI International competes against small- and medium-sized enterprise providers of natural gas  and  electricity  in  four  countries  in  Europe  where  the  markets  have  been  deregulated  for  at  least  ten  years.  The  recent geopolitical  events  in  Europe  have  substantially  impacted  the  natural  gas  and  electricity  markets  during  Fiscal  2022,  with unprecedented price increases and volatility affecting the whole sector.

Because many of UGI International's customers use LPG for heating, sales volume is affected principally by the severity of the temperatures  during  the  heating  season  months  and  traditionally  fluctuates  from  year-to-year  in  response  to  variations  in weather,  prices  and  other  factors,  such  as  conservation  efforts  and  the  economic  environment.  During  Fiscal  2022, approximately 62% of UGI International's retail sales volume occurred during the peak heating season from October through March.  As  a  result  of  this  seasonality,  revenues  are  typically  higher  in  UGI  International's  first  and  second  fiscal  quarters (October  1  through  March  31).  For  historical  information  on  weather  statistics  for  UGI  International,  see  ''Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations'.

## Government Regulation

UGI International's business is subject to various laws and regulations at the country and local levels, as well as at the EU level, with respect to matters such as protection of the environment, the storage, transportation and handling of hazardous materials and flammable substances (including the Seveso II Directive), regulations specific to bulk tanks, cylinders and piped networks, competition, pricing, regulation of contract terms, anti-corruption (including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, Sapin II and the U.K. Bribery Act), data privacy and protection, and the safety of persons and property.

## Environmental

Environmental  laws  and  regulations  may  require  expenditures  over  a  long  timeframe  to  control  environmental  effects. Estimates of liabilities for environmental response costs are difficult to determine with precision because of the various factors that can affect their ultimate level.  These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) the complexity of the site; (ii) changes  in  environmental  laws  and  regulations;  (iii)  the  number  of  regulatory  agencies  or  other  parties  involved;  (iv)  new technology that renders previous technology obsolete or experience with existing technology that proves ineffective; (v) the level  of  remediation  required;  and  (vi)  variation  between  the  estimated  and  actual  period  of  time  required  to  respond  to  an environmentally-contaminated site.

## EU Carbon Neutral Target

In  December  2019,  EU  leaders  endorsed  the  objective  of  achieving  a  climate-neutral  EU  by  2050,  with  net-zero  GHG emissions, and in July 2021, the European Commission adopted the European Climate Law to write this target into the law. The European Climate Law also includes a 2030 GHG reduction target of at least 55% below 1990 levels as an intermediate target. These targets are legally binding and based on an impact assessment conducted by the Commission.

## Data Privacy

The EU adopted the GDPR, which became effective in May 2018. The GDPR expanded the EU data protection laws to all companies processing data of EU residents. It primarily focuses on unifying and strengthening the regulations dealing with the collection, processing, use and security of personal and sensitive data.

## Properties

In addition to regional headquarter locations and sales offices throughout its service territory, UGI International has interests in ten primary storage facilities and more than 80 secondary storage facilities.

## Employees

At September 30, 2022, UGI International had approximately 2,600 employees.

## Table of Contents

## Retail Energy Marketing

Our retail energy marketing business is conducted through Energy Services and its subsidiaries and sells natural gas, RNG, liquid fuels and electricity to approximately 12,400 residential, commercial and industrial customers at approximately 42,000 locations.  We  (i)  serve  customers  in  all  or  portions  of  Pennsylvania,  New  Jersey,  Delaware,  New  York,  Ohio,  Maryland, Virginia,  North  Carolina,  South  Carolina,  Massachusetts,  New  Hampshire,  Rhode  Island,  California  and  the  District  of Columbia, (ii) distribute natural gas through the use of the distribution systems of 48 local gas utilities, and (iii) supply power to customers through the use of the transmission and distribution lines of 20 utility systems.

Historically, a majority of Energy Services' commodity sales have been made under fixed-price agreements, which typically contain  a  take-or-pay  arrangement  that  permits  customers  to  purchase  a  fixed  amount  of  product  for  a  fixed  price  during  a specified period, and requires payment even if the customer does not take delivery of the product.  However, a growing number of Energy Services' commodity sales are currently being made under requirements contracts, under which Energy Services is typically an exclusive supplier and will supply as much product at a fixed price as the customer requires.  Energy Services manages supply cost volatility related to these agreements by (i) entering into fixed-price supply arrangements with a diverse group of suppliers, (ii) holding its own interstate pipeline transportation and storage contracts to efficiently utilize gas supplies, (iii)  entering  into  exchange-traded  futures  contracts  on  NYMEX  and  ICE,  (iv)  entering  into  over-the-counter  derivative arrangements with major international banks and major suppliers, (v) utilizing supply assets that it owns or manages, and (vi) utilizing financial transmission rights to hedge price risk against certain transmission costs.  Energy Services also bears the risk for balancing and delivering natural gas and power to its customers under various gas pipeline and utility company tariffs.  See 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Market Risk Disclosures.'

## Midstream Assets

## LNG

Our midstream assets, which are owned by Energy Services and its subsidiaries, comprise a natural gas liquefaction, storage and vaporization facility in Temple, Pennsylvania, a natural gas liquefaction and storage facility in Mehoopany, Pennsylvania, liquefied  natural  gas  vaporization  and  storage  facilities  in  Steelton  and  Bethlehem,  Pennsylvania,  and  three  small  mobile facilities located in Reading, Mount Carmel and Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania.

In addition, Energy Services sells LNG to customers for use by trucks, drilling rigs, other motor vehicles and facilities located off the natural gas grid.  In Fiscal 2022, our Midstream &amp; Marketing segment also managed natural gas pipeline and storage contracts for utility company customers, including UGI Utilities.

## Natural Gas and Propane Storage

Energy Services and its subsidiaries  own  propane  storage  and  propane-air  mixing  stations  in  Bethlehem,  Reading,  Hunlock Creek  and  White  Deer,  Pennsylvania.  Energy  Services  and  its  subsidiaries  also  operate  propane  storage,  rail  transshipment terminals and propane-air mixing stations in Steelton and Williamsport, Pennsylvania. These assets are used in Midstream &amp; Marketing's  energy  peaking  business  that  provides  supplemental  energy,  primarily  LNG  and  propane-air  mixtures,  to  gas utilities at times of high demand (generally during periods of coldest winter weather).

A wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services owns and operates underground natural gas storage and related high pressure pipeline facilities, which have FERC approval to sell storage services at market-based rates.  The storage facilities are located in the  Marcellus  Shale  region  of  north-central  Pennsylvania  and  have  a  total  storage  capacity  of  15  million  dekatherms  and  a maximum daily withdrawal quantity of 224,000 dekatherms.  In Fiscal 2022, Energy Services leased approximately 72% of the firm capacity at its underground natural gas facilities to third parties.

## Gathering Systems and Pipelines

Energy Services operates the Auburn gathering system in the Marcellus Shale region of northeastern Pennsylvania with a total pipeline  system  capacity  of  635,000  dekatherms  per  day.  The  gathering  system  delivers  into  both  the  Tennessee  Gas  and Transcontinental Gas pipelines and receives gas from Tennessee Gas Pipeline as part of a capacity lease with UGI Utilities. Energy Services also operates a 6.5-mile pipeline, known as the Union Dale pipeline, that gathers gas in Susquehanna County and has a capacity of 100,000 dekatherms per day.  In addition, Energy Services owns and operates approximately 87 miles of natural gas gathering lines, dehydration and compression facilities, known as Texas Creek, Marshlands, and Ponderosa, located

## MIDSTREAM &amp; MARKETING

## Table of Contents

in Bradford, Tioga, Lycoming, Potter and Clinton Counties, Pennsylvania.  The combined capacity of these three systems is more than 250,000 dekatherms per day.

Energy Services and its subsidiaries also own and operate a 35-mile, 20-inch pipeline, known as the Sunbury pipeline, with related  facilities  located  in  Snyder,  Union,  Northumberland,  Montour,  and  Lycoming  Counties,  Pennsylvania,  which  has  a design capacity of 200,000 dekatherms per day.  In addition, Energy Services owns and operates the Mt. Bethel pipeline, which runs 12.5 miles in Northampton County, Pennsylvania and is designed to provide 72,000 dekatherms per day.

Energy Services' subsidiary, UGI Appalachia, consists of six natural gas gathering systems with approximately 305 miles of natural gas gathering pipelines and gas compressors and one processing plant in southwestern Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio, and the panhandle of West Virginia. In Fiscal 2022, Energy Services also acquired the remaining ownership interest in Pennant, a natural  gas  gathering  system  located  in  northeast  Ohio  and  western  Pennsylvania,  and  now  has  100%  ownership  interest  in Pennant.  The  UGI  Appalachia  assets  provide  natural  gas  gathering  and  processing  services  in  the  Appalachian  Basin  with gathering  capacity  of  approximately  2,808,000  dekatherms  per  day  and  processing  capacity  of  approximately  240,000 dekatherms per day.

In Fiscal 2021, a subsidiary of Energy Services entered into a joint venture with Stonehenge to acquire Pine Run Midstream, LLC.  Energy Services owns approximately 49% of the joint venture with Stonehenge, and Stonehenge operates the system. The system is comprised of approximately 42 miles of pipeline, 43,125 HP of installed compression and dedicated production of 54,000 gross acres. The system is attached to another gathering system owned by Energy Services.

In  January  2022,  Energy  Services  acquired  Stonehenge  Appalachia,  LLC  from  Stonehenge  Energy  Holdings,  LLC  and subsequently  renamed  the  system  'Moraine  East'.  The  system  consists  of  47  miles  of  pipeline  and  associated  compression assets.

## Electric Generation Assets

Midstream &amp; Marketing holds electric generation facilities conducted by Energy Services' wholly owned subsidiary, UGID. UGID owns and operates the Hunlock Creek Energy Center located near Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, a 174-megawatt natural gas-fueled  electricity  generating  station.  UGID  also  owns  and  operates  a  landfill  gas-fueled  generation  plant  near  Hegins, Pennsylvania, with gross generating capacity of 11 megawatts, that qualifies for renewable energy credits.  Additionally, UGID owns and operates 13.5 megawatts of solar-powered generation capacity in Pennsylvania, Maryland and New Jersey.

## Renewable Natural Gas

In Fiscal 2020, Energy Services purchased GHI, a Houston-based company that markets RNG in California.  GHI purchases gas  produced  from  landfills  and  biodigesters  and  resells  the  gas  to  fleet  operators  in  California.    Environmental  credits  are generated through this process, which are then sold to various third parties for an additional revenue stream.

## Competition

Our Midstream &amp; Marketing segment competes with other midstream operators to sell gathering, compression, storage and pipeline  transportation  services.  Our  Midstream  &amp;  Marketing  segment  competes  in  both  the  regulated  and  non-regulated environment against interstate and intrastate pipelines that gather, compress, process, transport and market natural gas.  Our Midstream &amp; Marketing segment sells midstream services primarily to producers, marketers and utilities on the basis of price, customer service, flexibility, reliability and operational experience.  The competition in the midstream segment is significant and  has  grown  recently  in  the  northeast  U.S.  as  more  competitors  seek  opportunities  offered  by  the  development  of  the Marcellus and Utica Shales.

Our Midstream &amp; Marketing segment also competes with other marketers, consultants and local utilities to sell natural gas, liquid  fuels,  electric  power  and  related  services  to  customers  in  its  service  area  principally  on  the  basis  of  price,  customer service and reliability.   Midstream &amp; Marketing's midstream asset business has faced an increase in competition in recent years with the consolidation of companies that have resulted in large, national competitors that can offer a suite of services across all customer segments.

Our  electricity  generation  assets  compete  with  other  generation  stations  on  the  interface  of  PJM,  a  regional  transmission organization that coordinates the movement of wholesale electricity in certain states, including the states in which we operate, and bases sales on bid pricing.

## Table of Contents

Through  our  wholly  owned  subsidiary,  GHI,  Energy  Services  has  the  capability  to  source  and  deliver  RNG  to  customers throughout the U.S. GHI currently delivers RNG to transportation fleets for utilization in their compressed natural gas and LNG fueled  vehicles,  resulting  in  the  creation  and  monetization  of  California  Low  Carbon  Fuel  Standard  and  Renewable  Fuel Standard  Renewable  Identification  Numbers.    GHI  competes  with  other  RNG  marketers  and  brokers  on  the  basis  of  price, customer service and reliability. Further, our Midstream &amp; Marketing segment competes with other RNG project developers, which has recently become more competitive. We compete to acquire the projects from the feedstock generators, which are typically  farmers  (for  manure  digesters)  and  landfill  operators.  Competitive  offerings  include  equity  offerings,  feedstock payment and royalties. In addition, there has been significant consolidation over the past year with both agricultural and landfill RNG project owners/developers.

## Government Regulation

FERC has jurisdiction over the rates and terms and conditions of service of wholesale sales of electric capacity and energy, as well as the sales for resale of natural gas and related storage and transportation services.  Energy Services has a tariff on file with FERC, pursuant to which it may make power sales to wholesale customers at market-based rates, to the extent that Energy Services purchases power in excess of its retail customer needs.  Two subsidiaries of Energy Services, UGI LNG, Inc. and UGI Storage  Company,  currently  operate  natural  gas  storage  facilities  under  FERC  certificate  approvals  and  offer  services  to wholesale  customers  at  FERC-approved  market-based  rates.  Two  other  Energy  Services  subsidiaries  operate  natural  gas pipelines that are subject to FERC regulation.  UGI Mt. Bethel Pipeline Company, LLC operates a 12.5-mile, 12-inch pipeline located  in  Northampton  County,  Pennsylvania,  and  UGI  Sunbury,  LLC  operates  the  Sunbury  Pipeline,  a  35-mile,  20-inch diameter pipeline located in central Pennsylvania.  Both pipelines offer open-access transportation services at cost-based rates approved by FERC.  Energy Services and its subsidiaries undertake various activities to maintain compliance with the FERC Standards of Conduct with respect to pipeline operations.  Energy Services is also subject to FERC reporting requirements, market  manipulation  rules  and  other  FERC  enforcement  and  regulatory  powers  with  respect  to  its  wholesale  commodity business.

Midstream  &amp;  Marketing's  midstream  assets  include  natural  gas  gathering  pipelines  and  compression  and  processing  in northeastern  Pennsylvania,  southwestern  Pennsylvania,  eastern  Ohio  and  the  panhandle  of  West  Virginia  that  are  regulated under federal pipeline safety laws and subject to operational oversight by both the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration and the state public utility commissions for the states in which the specific pipelines are located.

Certain of our Midstream &amp; Marketing and RNG businesses are subject to various federal, state and local environmental, safety and transportation laws and regulations governing the storage, distribution and transportation of propane and the operation of bulk storage LPG terminals.  These laws include, among others, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, CERCLA, the Clean Air Act, OSHA, the Homeland Security Act of 2002, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, the Clean  Water  Act  and  comparable  state  statutes.    CERCLA  imposes  joint  and  several  liability  on  certain  classes  of  persons considered to have contributed to the release or threatened release of a 'hazardous substance' into the environment without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct.  With respect to the operation of natural gas gathering and transportation pipelines, Energy Services also is required to comply with the provisions of the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 and the regulations of the DOT.

Our Midstream &amp; Marketing's electricity generation assets own electric generation facilities that are within the control area of PJM and are dispatched in accordance with a FERC-approved open access tariff and associated agreements administered by PJM.  UGID is the entity designated for dispatching and financially settling all company owned generation and receives certain revenues collected by PJM, determined under an approved rate schedule.  Like Energy Services, UGID has a tariff on file with FERC pursuant to which it  may  make  power  sales  to  wholesale  customers  at  market-based  rates,  and  FERC  has  approved UGID's market-based rate authority through 2023.  UGID is also subject to FERC reporting requirements, market manipulation rules and other FERC enforcement and regulatory powers.

## Employees

At September 30, 2022, Midstream &amp; Marketing had approximately 370 employees.

## UTILITIES

## PA GAS UTILITY

PA Gas Utility consists of the regulated natural gas distribution business of our subsidiary, UGI Utilities.  PA Gas Utility serves

## Table of Contents

customers  in  eastern  and  central  Pennsylvania  and  in  portions  of  one  Maryland  county,  and  therefore  is  regulated  by  the PAPUC and, with respect to its customers in Maryland, the MDPSC.

## Service Area; Revenue Analysis

PA Gas Utility provides natural  gas  distribution  services  to  approximately  677,000  customers  in  certificated  portions  of  46 eastern and central Pennsylvania counties through its distribution system.  Contemporary materials, such as plastic or coated steel, comprise approximately 92% of PA Gas Utility's more than 12,500 miles of gas mains, with bare steel pipe comprising approximately 7% and cast iron pipe comprising approximately 1% of PA Gas Utility's gas mains.  In accordance with PA Gas Utility's agreement with the PAPUC, PA Gas Utility will replace the cast iron portion of its gas mains by March 2027 and the bare steel portion of its gas mains by September 2041. Located in PA Gas Utility's service area are major production centers for basic industries such as specialty metals, aluminum, glass, paper product manufacturing and several power generation facilities. PA Gas Utility also distributes natural gas to more than 550 customers in portions of one Maryland county.

System throughput (the total volume of gas sold to or transported for customers within PA Gas Utility's distribution system) for Fiscal 2022 was approximately 314 Bcf. System sales of gas accounted for approximately 19% of system throughput, while gas transported for residential, commercial and industrial customers who bought their gas from others accounted for approximately 81% of system throughput.

## Sources of Supply and Pipeline Capacity

PA Gas Utility is permitted to recover all prudently incurred costs of natural gas it sells to its customers.  See 'Management's Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of  Operations  -  Market  Risk  Disclosures'  and  Note  9  to Consolidated Financial Statements.  PA Gas Utility meets its service requirements by utilizing a diverse mix of natural gas purchase contracts with marketers and producers, along with storage and transportation service contracts.  These arrangements enable  PA  Gas  Utility  to  purchase  gas  from  Marcellus,  Gulf  Coast,  Mid-Continent,  and  Appalachian  sources.  For  its transportation and storage functions, PA Gas Utility has long-term agreements with a number of pipeline companies, including Texas Eastern Transmission, LP, Columbia Gas Transmission, LLC, Transcontinental Gas Pipeline Company, LLC, Eastern Gas  Transmission  and  Storage,  Inc.,  Tennessee  Gas  Pipeline  Company,  L.L.C.,  and  Energy  Services  and  its  subsidiaries (including UGI Storage Company and UGI Sunbury, LLC).

## Gas Supply Contracts

During Fiscal 2022, PA Gas Utility purchased approximately 83 Bcf of natural gas for sale to retail core-market customers (principally comprised of firm- residential, commercial and industrial customers that purchase their gas from PA Gas Utility) and  off-system  sales  customers.  Approximately  98%  of  the  volumes  purchased  were  supplied  under  agreements  with  ten suppliers, with the remaining volumes supplied by 20 producers and marketers.  Gas supply contracts for PA Gas Utility are generally no longer than 12 months.  PA Gas Utility also has long-term contracts with suppliers for natural gas peaking supply during the months of November through March.

## Seasonality

Because  many  of  its  customers  use  natural  gas  for  heating  purposes,  PA  Gas  Utility's  sales  are  seasonal.  For  Fiscal  2022, approximately  59%  of  PA  Gas  Utility's  sales  volume  was  supplied,  and  approximately  85%  of  PA  Gas  Utility's  operating income was earned, during the peak heating season from October through March.

## Competition

Natural gas is a fuel that competes with electricity and oil and, to a lesser extent, with propane and coal. Competition among these fuels is primarily a function of their comparative price and the relative cost and efficiency of the equipment. Natural gas generally benefits from a competitive price advantage over oil, electricity and propane.  Fuel oil dealers compete for customers in all categories, including industrial customers. PA Gas Utility responds to this competition with marketing and sales efforts designed to retain, expand and grow its customer base.

In substantially all of its service territories, PA Gas Utility is the only regulated gas distribution utility having the right, granted by  the  PAPUC  or  by  law,  to  provide  gas  distribution  services.  All  of  PA  Gas  Utility's  customers,  including  core-market customers, have the right to purchase gas supplies from entities other than natural gas distribution utility companies.

A number of PA Gas Utility's commercial and industrial customers have the ability to switch to an alternate fuel at any time

## Table of Contents

and, therefore, are served on an interruptible basis under rates that are competitively priced with respect to the alternate fuel. Margin from these customers, therefore, is affected by the difference or 'spread' between the customers' delivered cost of gas and the customers' delivered cost of the alternate fuel, the frequency and duration of interruptions, and alternative firm service options. See 'Utilities Regulation - State Utility Regulation - PA Gas Utility.'

Approximately  70%  of  PA  Gas  Utility's  annual  throughput  volume  for  commercial  and  industrial  customers  includes  noninterruptible customers with firm rates at locations that afford them the opportunity of seeking transportation service directly from  interstate  pipelines,  thereby  bypassing  PA  Gas  Utility.    In  addition,  nearly  three  percent  of  PA  Gas  Utility's  annual throughput volume for commercial and industrial customers is from customers who are served under interruptible rates and are also in a location near an interstate pipeline.  During Fiscal 2022, PA Gas Utility had 17 such customers, 14 of which have transportation  contracts  extending  beyond  Fiscal  2023.  The  majority  of  these  customers  are  served  under  transportation contracts having three to 20-year terms and all are among the largest customers for PA Gas Utility in terms of annual volumes. No single customer represents, or is anticipated to represent, more than five percent of PA Gas Utility's total revenues.

## Outlook for Gas Service and Supply

PA Gas Utility anticipates having adequate pipeline capacity, peaking services and other sources of supply available to it to meet the full requirements of all firm customers on its system through Fiscal 2023.  Supply mix is diversified, market priced and  delivered  pursuant  to  a  number  of  long-term  and  short-term  primary  firm  transportation  and  storage  arrangements, including  transportation  contracts  held  by  some  of  PA  Gas  Utility's  larger  customers  and  natural  gas  suppliers  serving customers on PA Gas Utility's distribution system.

During  Fiscal  2022,  PA  Gas  Utility  supplied  transportation  service  to  11  electric  generation  facilities  and  28  major  cogeneration facilities.  PA Gas Utility continues to seek new residential, commercial and industrial customers for both firm and interruptible service. In Fiscal 2022, PA Gas Utility connected more than 1,300 new commercial and industrial customers. In the  residential  market  sector,  PA  Gas  Utility  added  more  than  11,500  residential  heating  customers  during  Fiscal  2022. Approximately 50% of these customers converted to natural gas heating from other energy sources, mainly oil and electricity. New home construction and existing non-heating gas customers who added gas heating systems to replace other energy sources primarily accounted for the other residential heating connections in Fiscal 2022.

PA Gas Utility continues to monitor and participate, where appropriate, in rulemaking and individual rate and tariff proceedings before FERC affecting the rates and the terms and conditions under which PA Gas Utility transports and stores natural gas using interstate natural gas pipelines.  Among these proceedings are those arising out of certain FERC orders and/or pipeline filings that relate to (i) the pricing of pipeline services in a competitive energy marketplace, (ii) the flexibility of the terms and conditions of pipeline service tariffs and contracts, and (iii) pipelines' requests to increase their base rates, or change the terms and conditions of their storage and transportation services.

PA  Gas  Utility's  objective  in  negotiations  with  providers  of  gas  supply  resources,  and  in  proceedings  before  regulatory agencies, is to ensure availability of supply, transportation and storage alternatives to serve market requirements at the lowest cost possible, taking into account the need for safety, security and reliability of supply.  Consistent with that objective, PA Gas Utility negotiates certain terms of firm transportation capacity on all pipelines serving it, arranges for appropriate storage and peak-shaving  resources,  negotiates  with  producers  for  competitively  priced  gas  purchases  and  participates  in  regulatory proceedings related to transportation rights and costs of service.

At September 30, 2022, PA Gas Utility had nearly 1,600 employees.

## MOUNTAINEER

In  September  2021,  we  completed  the  Mountaineer  Acquisition,  whereby  Mountaineer  Gas  Company  became  an  indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of UGI.  Mountaineer provides a regulated natural gas distribution business to approximately 214,000 customers  in  50  of  West  Virginia's  55  counties.    Mountaineer's  system  is  comprised  of  approximately  6,200  miles  of distribution,  transmission  and  gathering  pipelines.  Contemporary  materials,  such  as  plastic  or  coated  steel,  comprise approximately 75% of Mountaineer's gas mains, with bare steel pipe comprising the remaining 25%.

As  of  September  30,  2022,  Mountaineer's  customer  base  was  approximately  90%  residential,  and  10%  commercial  and industrial  customers,  with  throughput  volumes  consisting  of  approximately  28%  residential,  35%  commercial  and  37% industrial and other. Because many of its customers use gas for heating purposes, Mountaineer's sales are seasonal.  For Fiscal 2022,  approximately  65%  of  Mountaineer's  sales  volume  (including  transport  volumes)  was  supplied,  and  131%  of

## Table of Contents

Mountaineer's operating income was earned, during the peak heating season from October through March.  No single customer represents, or is anticipated to represent, more than five percent of Mountaineer's total revenues.

System throughput (the total volume of gas sold to or transported for customers within Mountaineer's distribution system) for Fiscal 2022 was approximately 49 Bcf.  Retail core-market sales of gas accounted for approximately 43% of system throughput, while gas transported for commercial and industrial customers who bought their gas from others accounted for nearly 57% of system throughput.  Mountaineer anticipates having adequate pipeline capacity, peaking services and other sources of supply available to it to meet the full requirements of all firm customers on its system through Fiscal 2023.

Approximately 50% of Mountaineer's annual throughput volume for commercial and industrial customers represents customers who are  served  under  interruptible  rates  and  are  also  in  a  location  near  an  interstate  pipeline.    As  of  September  30,  2022, Mountaineer had 19 such customers, one of which has a transportation contract extending beyond September 30, 2023.  The majority of these customers, including 11 of Mountaineer's largest customers in terms of annual volumes, are served under evergreen transportation contracts having a 30- to 180-day termination notice.

Mountaineer meets its service requirements by utilizing a diverse mix of natural gas purchase contracts with marketers and producers, along with storage and transportation service contracts. During Fiscal 2022, Mountaineer purchased approximately 22  Bcf  of  natural  gas  for  sale  to  retail  core-market  customers  (principally  comprised  of  firm-  residential,  commercial  and industrial  customers  that  purchase  their  gas  from  Mountaineer).  Approximately  75%  of  the  volume  purchased  was  supplied under agreements with ten suppliers, with the remaining volumes supplied by various producers and marketers.  Gas supply contracts for Mountaineer are generally evergreen agreements with a 30-day termination notice.

At September 30, 2022, Mountaineer had more than 460 employees.

## ELECTRIC UTILITY

Electric Utility supplies electric service to approximately 62,600 customers in portions of Luzerne and Wyoming counties in northeastern  Pennsylvania  through  a  system  consisting  of  over  2,560  miles  of  transmission  and  distribution  lines  and  14 substations.  For  Fiscal  2022,  approximately  58%  of  sales  volume  came  from  residential  customers,  31%  from  commercial customers and 11% from industrial and other customers. During Fiscal 2022, ten retail electric generation suppliers provided energy for customers representing approximately 21% of Electric Utility's sales volume.  At September 30, 2022, UGI Utilities' electric utility operations had approximately 80 employees.

## UTILITIES REGULATION

## State Utility Regulation

## PA Gas Utility

PA Gas Utility is subject to regulation by the PAPUC as to rates, terms and conditions of service, accounting matters, issuance of securities, contracts and other arrangements with affiliated entities, gas safety and various other matters.  Rates that PA Gas Utility may charge for gas service come in two forms: (i) rates designed to recover PGCs; and (ii) rates designed to recover costs other than PGCs.  Rates designed to recover PGCs are reviewed in PGC proceedings.  Rates designed to recover costs other than PGCs are primarily established in general base rate proceedings.

Act 11 authorized the PAPUC to permit electric and gas distribution companies, between base rate cases and subject to certain conditions, to recover reasonable and prudent costs incurred to repair, improve or replace eligible property through a DSIC assessed to customers.  Among other requirements, DSICs are subject to reconciliation of over-/under- collection, quarterly adjustment and are capped at five percent of total customer charges absent a PAPUC-granted exception.  In addition, Act 11 requires affected utilities to obtain approval of LTIIPs from the PAPUC.  Act 11 also authorized electric and gas distribution companies to utilize a fully projected future test year when establishing rates in base rate cases before the PAPUC.

On August 21, 2019, PA Gas Utility filed a consolidated LTIIP designed for the 2020-2024 calendar years, during which PA Gas Utility projects spending $1.265 billion on DSIC-eligible property.  PA Gas Utility's filing was approved by the PAPUC in an order entered December 19, 2019.

On October 8, 2020, the PAPUC issued a final order approving a settlement of a base rate proceeding by PA Gas Utility that permitted PA Gas Utility to utilize a two-step phase-in of a $20 million base distribution revenue increase, with $10 million effective  January  1,  2021,  and  the  remaining  $10  million  effective  July  1,  2021.  The  settlement  also  provided  enhanced

## Table of Contents

COVID-19 related consumer protections and allowed PA Gas Utility future regulatory asset recovery of COVID-19 related costs, such as greater-than-budgeted uncollectible accounts expense and other COVID-19 related operating costs.

With  the  approval  of  new  base  distribution  rates  on  October  8,  2020,  DSIC-eligible  property  and  associated  revenue requirements were rolled into base distribution rates.  The final order issued by the PAPUC approved the settlement of the base rate proceeding and authorized PA Gas Utility to reinstitute a DSIC surcharge once PA Gas Utility's total property, plant and equipment less accumulated depreciation reached $2.875 billion.  This threshold was achieved in December 2020, and PA Gas Utility implemented a DSIC surcharge effective April 1, 2021.

On September 15, 2022, the PAPUC issued a final order approving a settlement of a base rate proceeding by PA Gas Utility that permitted PA Gas Utility to implement a $49 million annual base distribution rate increase through a phased approach, with $38 million beginning October 29, 2022 and an additional $11 million beginning October 1, 2023.  In accordance with the terms of the final order, PA Gas Utility will not be permitted to file a rate case prior to January 1, 2024.  PA Gas Utility is authorized to implement a weather normalization adjustment rider as a five-year pilot program beginning on the effective date of the new rates.  Under this rider, customer billings for distribution services will be adjusted monthly to reflect normal weather conditions if weather deviates more than three percent from normal. Additionally, under the terms of the final order, PA Gas Utility is authorized to implement a DSIC once its total property, plant and equipment less accumulated depreciation reaches $3.368 billion. This threshold was achieved in September 2022 and PA Gas Utility expects to implement a new DSIC effective January 1, 2023.

In addition to base distribution rates and various surcharges designed to recover specified types of costs, PA Gas Utility's tariff also includes a uniform PGC rate applicable to firm retail rate schedules for customers who do not obtain natural gas supply service from an alternative supplier.  The PGC rate permits recovery of all prudently incurred costs of natural gas that PA Gas Utility sells to its retail customers.  PGC rates are reviewed and approved annually by the PAPUC.  PA Gas Utility may request quarterly  or,  under  certain  conditions,  monthly  adjustments  to  reflect  the  actual  cost  of  gas.    Quarterly  adjustments  become effective on one day's notice to the PAPUC and are subject to review during the next annual PGC filing.  Each proposed annual PGC rate  is  required  to  be  filed  with  the  PAPUC  six  months  prior  to  its  effective  date.    During  this  period,  the  PAPUC investigates  and  may  hold  hearings  to  determine  whether  the  proposed  rate  reflects  a  least-cost  fuel  procurement  policy consistent with the obligation to provide safe, adequate and reliable service.  After completion of these hearings, the PAPUC issues an order permitting the collection of gas costs at levels that meet such standard.  The PGC mechanism also provides for an annual reconciliation and for the payment or collection of interest on over and under collections.

PA Gas Utility's gas service tariff also contains a state tax surcharge clause.  The surcharge is recomputed whenever any of the tax rates included in their calculation are changed.  These clauses protect PA Gas Utility from the effects of increases in certain of the Pennsylvania taxes to which it is subject.

## Mountaineer

Mountaineer is subject to regulation of rates and other aspects of its business by the WVPSC.  When necessary, Mountaineer seeks general base rate increases to recover increased operating costs and a fair return on rate base investments.  Base rates are determined  by  the  cost-of-service  by  rate  class,  and  the  rate  design  methodology  allocates  the  majority  of  operating  costs through volumetric charges.

Mountaineer makes routine filings with the WVPSC to reflect changes in the costs of purchased gas.  These purchased gas costs are subject to rate recovery through a mechanism that provides dollar-for-dollar recovery of prudently incurred costs.  Costs in excess of revenues that are expected to be recovered in future rates are deferred as regulatory assets; conversely, revenues in excess of costs are deferred as a regulatory liability.  The PGA filings generally cover a prospective 12 month period. The WVPSC entered a procedural order on September 9, 2022, directing all gas utilities and other parties to file proposals to reduce or levelize the impact of high natural gas costs on utilities' customers in the near term.  An order establishing interim PGA rates is expected at the end of the 2022 calendar year.

As permitted by West Virginia law, the WVPSC has also approved a standalone cost recovery rider to recover specified costs and a return on infrastructure projects between general base rate cases in accordance with its IREP.  Mountaineer makes an annual IREP filing, which is subject to an over/under-recovery mechanism similar to purchased gas costs.  In December 2021, the WVPSC issued a final order approving a settlement in Mountaineer's 2022 IREP filing, resulting in an increase of $5.5 million effective January 1, 2022.  In July 2022, Mountaineer submitted its annual IREP filing to the WVPSC requesting a revenue increase of $5.4 million effective January 1, 2023, based on the forecasted 2023 calendar year IREP-eligible capital investments of $64.2 million and recovery of eligible costs.  An order from the WVPSC is expected in December 2022.

## Table of Contents

## Electric Utility

Electric  Utility  is  permitted  to  recover  prudently  incurred  electricity  costs,  including  costs  to  obtain  supply  to  meet  its customers' energy requirements, pursuant to a supply plan filed with and approved by the PAPUC.  Electric Utility distributes electricity that it purchases from wholesale markets and electricity that customers purchase from other suppliers.

On February 8, 2021, Electric Utility filed for a base rate increase with the PAPUC.  On July 19, 2021, Electric Utility filed a joint petition for settlement of the rate case, which included a revenue increase of approximately $6 million.  In an order dated October 28, 2021, the PAPUC approved the settlement and authorized the increased rate to become effective November 9, 2021.

Electric Utility's tariff includes rates, applicable to so-called 'default service' customers who do not obtain electric generation service  from  an  alternative  supplier,  incurred  pursuant  to  a  PAPUC-approved  supply  plan.    These  default  service  rates  are reconcilable, may be adjusted quarterly, and are designed to permit Electric Utility to recover the full costs of providing default service in a full and timely manner.  Electric Utility's default service rates include recovery of costs associated with compliance with  the  AEPS  Act,  which  requires  Electric  Utility  to  directly  or  indirectly  acquire  certain  percentages  of  its  supplies  from designated alternative energy sources.  In an order dated January 14, 2021, the PAPUC authorized Electric Utility to implement its current Default Service plan for the period June 1, 2021 through May 31, 2025, subject to possible, prospectively applied interim modifications that parties to that proceeding may propose in accordance with a settlement filed in that proceeding on October 23, 2020.

Electric  Utility's  tariff  also  includes  a  DSIC  surcharge  mechanism  that  was  authorized  by  the  PAPUC  in  2019.    Electric Utility's  first  LTIIP,  approved  in  2017,  provided  the  basis  for  its  current  DSIC  charges  through  September  30,  2022.    That authority was extended by order of the PAPUC issued August 25, 2022, in which Electric Utility's second LTIIP filing was approved, authorizing the expenditure of $50.6 million of DSIC-eligible plant over the five-year period ending September 30, 2027.

With the implementation of new base rates on November 9, 2021 pursuant to the PAPUC's October 28, 2021 order in the 2021 Electric  Utility  base  rate  case,  Electric  Utility's  DSIC-eligible  plant  associated  revenue  requirement  was  rolled  into  Electric Utility's base rates.  The final order issued by the PAPUC approved the settlement of the base rate proceeding and authorized Electric Utility to implement a new DSIC surcharge once Electric Utility's total property, plant and equipment less accumulated depreciation reached $152 million, a level that was achieved in September 2022. Electric Utility expects to implement a new DSIC effective January 1, 2023.

## Utility Franchises

PA Gas  Utility  and  Electric  Utility  hold  certificates  of  public  convenience  issued  by  the  PAPUC  and  certain  'grandfather rights' predating the adoption of the Pennsylvania Public Utility Code and its predecessor statutes, which authorize it to carry on its business in the territories in which it renders gas service.  Under applicable Pennsylvania law, PA Gas Utility also has certain rights of eminent domain as well as the right to maintain its facilities in public streets and highways in its territories.

Similarly,  Mountaineer  holds  certificates  of  public  convenience  issued  by  the  WVPSC,  which  authorize  it  to  carry  on  its business  in  substantially  all  of  the  territories  in  which  it  now  renders  gas  service.    Under  applicable  West  Virginia  law, Mountaineer  also  has  certain  rights  of  eminent  domain  as  well  as  the  right  to  maintain  its  facilities  in  public  streets  and highways in its territories.

## Federal Energy Regulation

With the acquisition of Mountaineer on September 1, 2021, UGI and its subsidiaries became subject to FERC regulation under PUHCA 2005 pertaining to record-keeping and affiliate service pricing requirements.  UGI provided notice of its non-exempt status on September 17, 2021.

Utilities  is  subject  to  Section  4A  of  the  Natural  Gas  Act,  which  prohibits  the  use  or  employment  of  any  manipulative  or deceptive devices or contrivances in connection with the purchase or sale of natural gas or natural gas transportation subject to the jurisdiction of FERC, and FERC regulations that are designed to promote the transparency, efficiency, and integrity of gas markets.

Similarly, UGI Utilities is also subject to Section 222 of the Federal Power Act, which prohibits the use or employment of any manipulative or deceptive devices or contrivances in connection with the purchase or sale of electric energy or transmission

## Table of Contents

service subject to the jurisdiction of FERC, and FERC regulations that are designed to promote the transparency, efficiency, and integrity of electric markets.

FERC has jurisdiction over the rates and terms and conditions of service of electric transmission facilities used for wholesale or retail choice transactions.  Electric Utility owns electric transmission facilities that are within the control area of PJM and are dispatched in accordance with a FERC-approved open access tariff and associated agreements administered by PJM.  PJM is a regional transmission organization that regulates and coordinates generation, supply and the wholesale delivery of electricity. Electric Utility receives certain revenues collected by PJM, determined under a formulary rate schedule that is adjusted in June of each year to reflect annual changes in Electric Utility's electric transmission revenue requirements, when its transmission facilities are used by third parties.  FERC has jurisdiction over the rates and terms and conditions of service of wholesale sales of electric capacity and energy.  Electric Utility has a tariff on file with FERC pursuant to which it may make power sales to wholesale customers at market-based rates.

Under provisions of EPACT 2005, Electric Utility is subject to certain electric reliability standards established by FERC and administered by an ERO.  Electric Utility anticipates that substantially all the costs of complying with the ERO standards will be recoverable through its PJM formulary electric transmission rate schedule.

EPACT 2005 also granted FERC authority to impose substantial civil penalties for the violation of any regulations, orders or provisions under the Federal Power Act and Natural Gas Act and clarified FERC's authority over certain utility or holding company mergers or acquisitions of electric utilities or electric transmitting utility property valued at $10 million or more.

## Other Government Regulation

In addition to state and federal regulation discussed above, Utilities is subject to various federal, state and local laws governing environmental matters, occupational health and safety, pipeline safety and other matters.  Each is subject to the requirements of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, CERCLA and comparable state statutes with respect to the release of hazardous substances.  See Note 17 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION

The table stating the amounts of revenues, operating income and identifiable assets attributable to each of UGI's reportable business segments, and to information regarding the geographic areas in which we operate, for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 appears in Note 23 to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 15 of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

## EMPLOYEES

At September 30, 2022, UGI and its subsidiaries had approximately 10,000 employees.

## Table of Contents

## HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

We are committed to the attraction, development, retention and safety of our employees. The following is an overview of some of our key human capital initiatives that are designed to ensure the overall well-being of our employees and other stakeholders as well as to promote workforce diversity.

UGI publishes annual sustainability reports, which are available free of charge on its corporate website under 'ESG - Resources -  Sustainability  Reports.'    Information  included  in  these  sustainability  reports  is  not  intended  to  be  incorporated  into  this Report.

## Workplace Safety

We  are  committed  to  maintaining  an  effective  safety  culture  and  to  stressing  the  importance  of  our  employees'  role  in identifying, mitigating and reporting safety risks.  We believe that the achievement of superior safety performance is both an important  short-  and  long-term  strategic  initiative  in  managing  our  operations.    In  this  regard,  our  policies  and  operational practices  promote  a  culture  where  all  levels  of  employees  are  responsible  for  safety.    Safety  is  generally  included  as  a component of the annual bonus calculation for executives and non-executives, reinforcing our commitment to safety across our organization.  For more details as to how we integrate safety performance into our core business activities, please refer to our Health, Safety, Security and the Environment ('HSSE') Policy, which is available on our website under 'Company - Company Policies - HSSE Policy.'

UGI's  Board  of  Directors  oversees  safety  efforts  primarily  through  its  Safety,  Environmental,  and  Regulatory  Compliance ('SERC') Committee, which is responsible for the governance and oversight of health and safety matters at the Company, including compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The SERC Committee oversees the Company's maintenance of a culture focused on protecting the health and safety of our employees, contractors, customers, the public and the environment. Additionally, our senior management team is actively engaged in our safety programs and conducts regular reviews of safety performance metrics.  These metrics are presented quarterly to the SERC Committee for review and consideration.  In addition, each of our business units has a safety team that is responsible for  overseeing  the  safety  of  our  operations,  reinforcing  our values, providing training and enhancing our safety culture within such business unit.

## Diversity Strategy

## Diversity as Part of Our Company Culture

We  believe  that,  by  fostering  an  environment  that  exemplifies  our  core  value  of  respect,  we  gain,  as  a  Company,  unique perspectives, backgrounds and varying experiences to ensure our continued long-term success.  Belonging, inclusion, diversity and equity are essential to our success, and we respect and value all employees.

In alignment with our efforts to promote diversity and inclusion, we introduced the Belonging, Inclusion, Diversity and Equity ('BIDE') Initiative in Fiscal 2020, which provides the organizational blueprint for achieving greater diversity and promoting respect for uniqueness of individuals and cultures and inclusion for the varied perspectives they provide.  The BIDE Initiative embodies and promotes internal policies with respect to setting expectations relating to our work environment, including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and our Anti-Harassment/Anti-Discrimination, and Human Rights policies.  As part of the  BIDE  Initiative,  we  have  expanded  our  partnerships  with  numerous  organizations  that  support  underrepresented populations.

UGI also supports diverse segments of our workforce through employee resource groups. Employee resource groups are a key component of the BIDE strategy. These groups are open to participation for all employees to learn from a cultural perspective and  support  each  other  through  allyship.  UGI's  employee  resource  groups  include  Black  Organizational  Leadership  and Development ('BOLD'), Women's Impact Network ('WIN'), and Veteran Employee Team ('VET').

- BOLD is focused on inclusion, equity, education, and empowerment for black employees and their allies, and assists leadership  with  communication,  talent  recruitment,  retention  and  development  opportunities.    BOLD  focuses  on professional  development  by  creating  mentoring  opportunities,  increasing  exposure  through  networking  and  career development  events,  broadening  outreach  to  and  recruitment  of  talent  and  sponsoring  activities  such  as  lectures featuring distinguished speakers. The group aims to support and promote UGI's BIDE Initiative by providing cultural insight from employee, customer and community partner perspectives.
- WIN  is  an  organization  that  aims  to  foster  an  environment  for  women  and  their  allies  to  be  recruited,  retained, developed  and  advanced  as  leaders  throughout  UGI.    Membership  in  WIN  offers  exposure  to  various  professional development opportunities,  including  speaker  series  events,  group  engagement  activities,  virtual  group  discussions, and partnerships with local organizations.

## Table of Contents

- VET  focuses  on  recruiting  and  retaining  veterans,  as  well  as  creating  growth  for  and  goodwill  towards  military veterans.  VET members include Active Duty, Reserve, and National Guard veterans of the Army, Navy, Marines, Coast Guard, and Air Force, their families, and partners committed to supporting military veteran employees.

## Diversity in Our Leadership

We believe that diversity in our Board of Directors is critical for effective governance.  In assessing the Board of Directors' composition,  the  Board  of  Directors  and  its  Corporate  Governance  Committee  ensure  that  our  Board  of  Directors  and  its standing  committees  have  the  appropriate  qualifications,  skills, experience  and  characteristics, including  diversity of perspectives,  to  support  our  business.    In  assessing  director  candidates,  the  Board  of  Directors  and  Corporate  Governance Committee  consider  a  number  of  qualifications,  including  independence,  knowledge,  judgment,  character,  leadership  skills, education, experience, financial literacy, standing in the community and diversity of backgrounds and views, including, but not limited to, gender, race, ethnicity and national origin.  The Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Committee look to complement  the  Board  of  Directors'  existing  strengths,  recognizing  that  diversity  is  a  critical  element  to  enhancing  Board effectiveness.  Our current Board of Directors composition includes 11 directors, of which three are female, two are racially diverse and one identifies as LGBTQ+.

Similarly, we believe diversity of management is crucial to position our business for continued success. UGI is proactive in ensuring consideration of diverse candidates for all leadership positions and continues to be committed to ensuring that we are considering all qualified applicants in our hiring process.

As part of our continued commitment to enhancing opportunities for diversity in our workforce, all executives have a diversity and inclusion component in their annual bonus plan. The executive team is evaluated on the effectiveness of the Company's development  and  implementation  of  a  multi-dimensional  strategy  to  deepen  and  improve  the  Company's  commitment  to diversity  and  inclusion,  supporting  the  Company's  BIDE  Initiative  and  establishing  a  roadmap  to  achieve  excellence  in diversity and inclusion and branding UGI as an employer of choice for diverse candidates.

## Diversity in Our Workforce

UGI strives for diverse representation at all levels of our business.  During Fiscal 2021 and 2022, we published our workforce demographics (which reflects our EEO-1 reporting data) in our 2020 and 2021 Sustainability Reports, respectively.  We believe that, by publicly disclosing our workforce demographics, we increase transparency in the composition of our workforce as well as facilitate accountability in ensuring that minority candidates are actively considered for roles throughout the organization. We will continue to report on our progress annually.

## Diversity as Part of Our Employee Development

UGI has a global partnership with the Human Library Organization (the 'Human Library'), a global not-for-profit learning platform that hosts personal conversations designed to challenge stigma and stereotypes and create a safe space for dialogue where topics are discussed openly between 'human books' and their readers.  The Human Library is a thought leader when it comes  to  diversity  and  inclusion  in  the  workplace,  partnering  with  companies  that  are  committed  to  incorporating  social understanding and cultural awareness as part of their business model in relation to their workforce, partnerships, clients and customers.

UGI has committed to a sponsorship role with the Human Library for the creation of a digital learning platform that will expand the reach of the Human Library's diversity experiences across the globe. UGI began working with the Human Library in Fiscal 2020  for  diversity  and  inclusion  education  for  its  leadership  development,  supervisor  training  and  new  hire  onboarding programs. Many of our employees participated in the Human Library 'reader sessions' over the past few years.

## Talent Development and Support

Maintaining a robust pipeline of talent is crucial to UGI's ongoing success and is a key aspect of succession planning efforts across the organization.  Our leadership and human resources teams are responsible for attracting and retaining quality talent by supporting management in fostering an environment where employees feel supported and encouraged in their professional and personal  development.    Competition  for  attracting  and  retaining  talent  has  increased  in  recent  years.  UGI  understands  this challenge and the importance of maintaining competitive compensation and benefits as well as providing appropriate training that enables growth, developmental opportunities and multiple career paths within our Company.  We commit to investing in our employees through training and development programs, including mentorship, manager trainings, leadership development programs, as well as tuition reimbursement to promote continued professional growth. For example, UGI Global Leadership Summit (formerly UGI University) is an enterprise leadership development program for high potential leaders identified for future executive roles. Rooted in research of what skills executives need most, our potential leaders learn and practice skills

## Table of Contents

such as learning agility, strategic thinking, adaptability intelligence, advanced emotional intelligence and leadership presence. In addition, potential leaders engage directly with business unit leaders and executives, gaining a broader sense of UGI and the stakeholders it serves.

## ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS

There are many factors that may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, many of which are not within our control, including the following risks relating to: (1) the demand for our products and services and our ability to grow our customer base; (2) our business operations, including internal and external factors that may impact our operational continuity; (3) our international operations; (4) our supply chain and our ability to obtain and transport adequate quantities of LPG; (5) government regulation  and  oversight;  and  (6)  general  factors  that  may  impact  our  business  and  our  shareholders.  Investors should carefully consider, together with the other information contained in this Report, the risks and uncertainties described below.  Additional  risks  and  uncertainties  not  currently  known  to  us,  or  that  we  currently  deem  to  be  immaterial,  also  may materially  affect  our  business,  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations.  No  priority  or  significance  is  intended  by,  nor should be attached to, the order in which the risk factors appear.

## Risks Relating to the Demand for Our Products and Services and Our Ability to Grow Our Customer Base

Our business is seasonal and decreases in the demand for our energy products and services because of warmer-than-normal heating season weather or unfavorable weather conditions may adversely affect our results of operations. Because many of our customers rely on our energy products and services to heat their homes and businesses, and for agricultural purposes such as  crop  drying,  our  results  of  operations  are  adversely  affected  by  warmer-than-normal  heating  season  weather.    Weather conditions  have  a  significant  impact  on  the  demand  for  our  energy  products  and  services  for  both  heating  and  agricultural purposes.  Accordingly, the volume of our energy products sold is at its highest during the peak heating season of October through March and is directly affected by the severity of the winter weather.  For example, historically, approximately 60% to 70% of AmeriGas Propane's annual retail propane volume, 60% to 70% of UGI International's annual retail LPG volume, 60% to 70% of Energy Services' retail natural gas volume and 60% to 65% of PA Gas Utility's natural gas throughput (the total volume of gas sold to or transported for customers within our distribution system) has typically been sold during these months. Additionally, as a result of the AmeriGas Merger, an even greater portion of our earnings has been and will continue to be derived during the peak heating season of October through March.  There can be no assurance that normal winter weather in our market areas will occur in the future.

In addition, our agricultural customers use LPG for purposes other than heating, including for crop drying, and unfavorable weather conditions, such as lack of precipitation, may impact the demand for LPG.  Moreover, harsh weather conditions may at times impede the transportation and delivery of LPG or restrict our ability to obtain LPG from suppliers.  Spikes in demand caused  by  weather  or  other  factors  can  stress  the  supply  chain  and  limit  our  ability  to  obtain  additional  quantities  of  LPG. Changes in LPG supply costs are normally passed through to customers, but time lags (between when we purchase the LPG and when the customer purchases the LPG) may result in significant gross margin fluctuations that could adversely affect our results of operations.

The  potential  effects  of  climate  change  may  affect  our  business,  operations,  supply  chain  and  customers,  which  could adversely  impact  our  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations. Shifts  and  fluctuations  in  weather  patterns  and  other environmental conditions, including temperature and precipitation levels, may affect consumer demand for our energy products and services.  In addition, the potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods  and  other  climatic  events,  could  disrupt  our  operations  and  supply  chain,  and  cause  us  to  incur  significant  costs  in preparing for or responding to these effects. These or other meteorological changes could lead to increased operating costs, capital expenses or supply costs.  Our commercial and residential customers may also experience the potential physical impacts of climate change and may incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these efforts, including increasing the mix and  resiliency  of  their  energy  solutions  and  supply,  which  may  adversely  impact  their  ability  to  pay  for  our  products  and services or decrease demand for our products and services. The impact of any one or all of the foregoing factors may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

In  addition  to  the  direct  physical  impact  that  climate  change  may  have  on  our  business,  financial  condition  and  results  of operations, we may also be adversely impacted by other environmental factors, including: (i) technological advances designed to promote energy efficiency and limit environmental impact; (ii) increased competition from alternative energy sources; (iii) regulatory  responses  aimed  at  decreasing  GHG  emissions;  and  (iv)  litigation  or  regulatory  actions  that  address  the environmental impact of our energy products and services.  For more information on these risks, please refer to the following risk factors included elsewhere in this section:

- 'Energy efficiency and technology advances, as well as price induced customer conservation, may result in reduced demand for our energy products and services';

## Table of Contents

- 'Our operations may be adversely affected by competition from other energy sources';
- 'Our  need  to  comply  with,  and  respond  to,  industry-wide  changes  resulting  from,  comprehensive,  complex,  and sometimes unpredictable governmental regulations, including regulatory initiatives aimed at increasing competition within our industry, may increase our costs and limit our revenue growth, which may adversely affect our operating results';
- 'Our operations,  financial  results  and  cash  flows  may  be  adversely  affected  by  existing  and  future  global  climate change  laws  and  regulations,  including  with  respect  to  GHG  emission  restrictions,  as  well  as  market  responses thereto'; and
- 'We are subject to operating and litigation risks that may not be covered by insurance'.

Our potential to increase revenues may be affected by the decline in retail volumes of LPG and our ability to retain and grow our customer base. The retail LPG distribution industry in the U.S. and many of the European countries in which we operate is mature and has been declining over the past several years, with no or modest growth (or decline) in total demand foreseen in the near  future.  Accordingly,  we  expect  that  year-to-year  industry  volumes  will  be  principally  affected  by  weather  patterns. Therefore, our ability to grow within the LPG industry is dependent on our ability to acquire other retail distributors and to achieve internal growth, which includes the continuation of the ACE, Cynch and National Accounts programs in the U.S. and expansion in Europe, as well as the success of our sales and marketing programs designed to attract and retain customers.  Any failure to retain and grow our customer base and successfully acquire other distributors would have an adverse impact on our results.

Our ability to grow our businesses will be adversely affected if we are not successful in identifying and completing business combinations, asset acquisitions or investments in joint ventures intended to advance our business strategy, or if we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits from such transactions we have completed. One element of our business strategy is to grow through investments in the U.S. and in international markets, which includes our recent efforts to expand our presence in the renewable energy industry.  We may choose to finance such future investments with debt, equity, cash or a combination of the three.  We can give no assurances that we will find attractive investment opportunities in the future (including renewable energy opportunities), that we will be able to complete and finance these transactions on economically acceptable terms, that any investments and related transactions will not be dilutive to earnings or that any additional debt incurred to finance such investment will not affect our ability to pay dividends.  Moreover, certain investments and acquisitions in the U.S. and Europe may  require  merger  control  filings  with  the  Federal  Trade  Commission  and  the  European  Commission,  as  applicable,  and commitments (such as agreements not to compete for certain businesses) or divestments of assets may be required to obtain clearance.  Such  commitments  or  divestments  may  adversely  influence  the  overall  economics  and  risk  profile  of  the contemplated transaction.

To the extent we are successful in executing these transactions, such transactions involve a number of risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, the assumption of material liabilities, environmental liabilities, the diversion of management's attention from the management of daily operations to the integration of acquired operations, difficulties in the assimilation and retention of  employees  and  difficulties  in  the  assimilation  of  different  cultures  and  practices  and  internal  controls,  challenges  with consolidating the operations of acquired companies into our own, as well as in the assimilation of broad and geographically dispersed personnel and operations.  Future investments could also result in, among other things, the failure to identify material issues  during  due  diligence,  the  risk  of  overpaying  for  assets,  unanticipated  capital  expenditures,  the  failure  to  maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, recording goodwill and other intangible assets at values that ultimately may be subject to impairment charges and fluctuations in quarterly results.  There can also be no assurance that our past and future investments,  including  our  recent  investments  in  renewable  energy,  will  deliver  the  strategic,  financial,  operational  and environmental benefits that we anticipate, nor can we be certain that strategic investments will remain available in the future.

The  failure  to  successfully  identify,  complete,  and  implement  business  combinations,  asset  acquisitions  and  investments intended to advance our business strategy could have an adverse impact on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.

Energy efficiency and technology advances, as well as price induced customer conservation, may result in reduced demand for  our  energy  products  and services. The trend  toward  increased  energy  efficiency  and  technological  advances,  including installation  of  improved  insulation  and  the  development  of  more  efficient  boilers  and  increased  consumer  preference  for alternative heating equipment installations, such as electric heat pumps, alongside concerted conservation measures, which have been exacerbated particularly in Europe by the evolving energy crisis, may reduce the demand for our energy products.  Prices for LPG and natural gas are subject to volatile fluctuations as a result of changes in supply and demand as well as other market conditions.  During  periods  of  high  energy  commodity  costs,  our  prices  generally  increase,  which  may  lead  to  customer conservation and attrition.  A reduction in demand could lower our revenues and, therefore, lower our net income and adversely affect our cash flows.  In addition, federal, European and/or local laws and regulations may require mandatory conservation

## Table of Contents

measures, which would reduce the demand for our energy products.  In Europe, measures are underway to decarbonize the electric  generation  grid,  as  well  as  residential  and  commercial  heating,  in  order  to  achieve  EU  climate  change  objectives, including a net zero goal by 2050.  For example, in 2018 the EU revised the Energy Performance of Buildings Directive (the 'EPBD') with the goal to create a clear path towards a low and zero-emission and decarbonized building stock in the EU by 2050.  Updates to the EPBD continue to make their way through EU legislative approvals, which will establish stronger targets for  management  of  new  and  existing  building  construction  and  integral  heating  systems  that  focus  on  low  or  zero  carbon outcomes. Over time, these various measures will impact fossil fuel consumption in Europe and the demand for our energy products.  We cannot predict the materiality of the effect of future conservation measures or the effect that any technological advances in heating, conservation, energy generation or other devices might have on our operations.

Our operations may be adversely affected by competition from other energy sources. Our energy products and services face competition  from  other  energy  sources,  some  of  which  are  less  costly  for  equivalent  energy  value.  In  addition,  we  cannot predict the effect that the development of alternative energy sources might have on our operations.

Our LPG distribution businesses compete for customers against suppliers of electricity, fuel oil and natural gas.  Electricity is a major competitor of LPG but is generally more expensive than LPG on a Btu equivalent basis for space heating, water heating and cooking.  However, in Europe and elsewhere, climate change policies favoring electricity from renewable energy sources or the use of electric-powered equipment, such as heat pumps in heating applications, may cause changes in current relative price relationships.  Moreover, notwithstanding cost, the convenience and efficiency of electricity make it an attractive energy source for  consumers  and  developers  of  new  homes.    Fuel  oil,  which  is  a  major  competitor  to  propane,  is  a  less  environmentally attractive  energy  source.    Furnaces  and  appliances  that  burn  LPG  must  be  upgraded  to  run  on  fuel  oil  and  vice  versa,  and, therefore, a conversion from one fuel to the other requires the installation of new equipment. Our customers generally have an incentive to switch to fuel oil only if fuel oil becomes significantly less expensive than LPG, and in multiple countries, the risk of conversion to fuel oil is diminishing due to regulations that prevent or disfavor the installation and/or use of fuel oil boilers or fuel oil for heating applications.  Historically, most applications for LPG have generally not been competitive with natural gas in areas where natural gas pipelines already exist because natural gas was a significantly less expensive source of energy than LPG.  However, as a result of the recent and ongoing energy crisis in Europe, the cost of LPG in many of our European markets is less than natural gas, which is driving a stronger demand for LPG applications. Nevertheless, the gradual expansion of natural gas distribution systems in our service areas may continue to result in the availability of natural gas in some areas that previously depended upon LPG resulting in lower demand for LPG.

Our natural gas businesses in the U.S. compete primarily with electricity and fuel oil, and, to a lesser extent, with LPG and coal. Competition among these fuels is primarily a function of their comparative price and the relative cost and efficiency of fuel utilization  equipment.  There  can  be  no  assurance  that  our  natural  gas  revenues  will  not  be  adversely  affected  by  this competition.

The expansion, construction and development of our energy infrastructure assets subjects us to risks. We seek to grow our business through the expansion, construction and development of our energy infrastructure, including new pipelines, gathering systems,  facilities  and  other  assets.  These  projects  are  subject  to  state  and  federal  regulatory  oversight  and  require  certain property rights, such as easements and rights-of-way from public and private owners, as well as regulatory approvals, including environmental and other permits and licenses. There is no assurance that we or our project partners, as applicable, will be able to obtain the necessary property rights, permits and licenses in a timely and cost-efficient manner, or at all, which may result in a  delay  or  failure  to  complete  a  project.  We  may  face  opposition  to  the  expansion,  construction  or  development  of  new  or existing pipelines, gathering systems, facilities or other assets from environmental groups, landowners, local groups and other advocates.  This opposition could take many forms, including organized protests, attempts to block or sabotage our operations, intervention in regulatory or administrative proceedings involving our assets, or lawsuits or other actions designed to prevent, disrupt,  or  delay  the  development  or  operation  of  our  assets  and  business.    Failure  to  complete  any  pending  or  future infrastructure project may have a materially adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

Even  if  we  are  able  to  successfully  complete  any  pending  or  future  infrastructure  project,  our  revenues  may  not  increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds on a particular project or as anticipated during the lifespan of the project.  As a result, there is the risk that new and expanded energy infrastructure may not achieve our expected investment returns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Risks Relating to Our Business Operations, Including Internal and External Factors that May Impact Our Operational Continuity

Our efforts to create operational benefits and cost efficiencies through business transformation initiatives at our business units and various corporate services functions may be disruptive and adversely affect our business, financial condition and

## Table of Contents

results of operations. We have made, and may continue to make, adjustments to our workforce in response to management changes, product changes, performance issues, changes in strategy, acquisitions or other internal and external considerations. These adjustments may result in increased costs and temporarily reduced productivity, as well as a disruption in our ability to perform functions critical to our strategy, including, but not limited to, disruptions in customer service.  Although the effects from such adjustments have not been material to date, the effects of such adjustments may be significant in connection with any current  or  future  business  transformation  initiatives,  or  we  may  not  achieve  or  sustain  the  expected  growth  or  cost  savings benefits of any such initiatives or do so within the expected timeframe.  As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected.

Beginning in Fiscal 2020, we initiated a transformation project focused on our corporate support functions, including finance, human resources, procurement and information technology, that is designed to standardize processes and activities across our global platform, while leveraging the use of best practices and efficiencies between our businesses.  This initiative is being coordinated across multiple support functions, each function being at a different stage of transformation, and is expected to be completed by the end of Fiscal 2023. If we are unable to deliver the strategic and financial benefits that we anticipate, the achievement  of  these  benefits  is  delayed,  or  the  volume  and  nature  of  change  challenges  our  available  resources,  then  our business operations and financial results could be materially and adversely impacted.  Our ability to successfully manage and execute our initiatives and realize expected savings and benefits in the amounts and at the times anticipated is important to our business success.  Any failure to do so, which could result from our inability to successfully execute organizational change and business  transformation  initiatives,  unanticipated  costs  or  charges,  loss  of  key  personnel,  customer  loss  and  other  factors described herein, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  For further information on these initiatives, see 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Executive Overview - Continuing Business Transformation Initiatives.'

Our information technology systems and those of our third-party vendors have been the target of cyber-security attacks in the past. If we are unable to protect our information technology systems against future service interruption, misappropriation of data, or breaches of security resulting from cyber-security attacks or other events, or if we encounter other unforeseen difficulties in the design, implementation or operation of our information technology systems, or if our third-party  vendors  or  service  providers  experience  compromises  to  their  information  technology  systems,  our  operations could be disrupted, our business and reputation may suffer, and our internal controls could be adversely affected. In the ordinary course of business, we rely on information technology systems, including the Internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities and to store sensitive data, including (i) intellectual property, (ii) our proprietary business information and that of our suppliers and business partners, (iii) personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, and (iv) data with respect to invoicing and the collection of payments, accounting, procurement, and supply chain activities.  In addition, we rely on our information technology systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with financial reporting, legal, and tax requirements.

Cyber-security incidents have recently increased in both frequency and magnitude and have involved malicious software and attempts  to  gain  unauthorized  access  to  data  and  systems,  including  ransomware  attacks  where  a  target's  access  to  its information systems is blocked until a ransom has been paid.  The White House and various regulators, including the SEC, have accordingly increased their focus on companies' cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks.  Despite our security measures, our technologies,  systems,  and  networks  have  been  and  may  continue  to  be  the  target  of  cyber-security  attacks  or  information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, misuse, loss or destruction of proprietary and other information, or  other  disruption  of  our  business  operations.    Due  to  increasingly  sophisticated  threat  actors,  we  may  be  unable  to  detect, identify or prevent attacks, and even if detected, we may be unable to adequately stop, investigate or remediate our systems given the tools and techniques being used by threat actors to circumvent controls and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. Attacks and incidents may also occur due to malfeasance by employees or contractors, as well as human error as in the case of social engineering and phishing campaigns. A number of our employees currently work remotely; as a result, our cyber-security program may be less effective and information technology security may be less robust for those employees.  Similarly, our third-party vendors or service providers have been impacted by cyber-security attacks and incidents and are subject to many, if not  all,  of  the  same  risks  and  disruptions  as  described  above.    A  loss  of  our  information  technology  systems,  or  temporary interruptions in the operation of our information technology systems, or those of our third-party vendors or service providers, or any  other  misappropriation  of  data,  or  breaches  of  security  could  lead  to  investigations  and  fines  or  penalties,  litigation, increased costs for compliance and for remediation or rebuilding of our systems, and could have a material adverse effect on our  business,  financial  condition,  results  of  operations,  and  reputation.    In  addition,  a  cyber-security  attack  could  provide  a cyber-intruder with the ability to control or alter our pipeline operations.  Such an act could result in critical pipeline failures.

The efficient execution of our businesses is dependent upon the proper design, implementation and functioning of its current and future internal systems, such as the information technology systems that support our underlying business processes.  Any significant  failure  or  malfunction  of  such  information  technology  systems  may  result  in  disruptions  of  our  operations.    In

## Table of Contents

addition, the effectiveness of our internal controls could be adversely affected if we encounter unforeseen problems with respect to the operation of our information technology systems.

Moreover, as cyber incidents increase in frequency and magnitude, we may be unable to obtain cyber-security insurance in amounts and on terms we view as adequate for our operations, including the agreement to certain indemnification provisions by our insurance providers.

Our utility  transmission  and  distribution  systems,  our  non-utility  midstream  assets,  and  the  assets  of  upstream  interstate pipelines  and  other  midstream  providers  may  not  operate  as  planned,  which  may  increase  our  expenses  or  decrease  our revenues and, thus, have an adverse impact on our financial results. Our ability to manage operational risk with respect to utility distribution and transmission and non-utility midstream assets, and the availability of natural gas delivered by interstate natural  gas  pipelines  and  midstream  gathering  assets  is  critical  to  our  financial  results.    We  obtain  our  supply  from  local Marcellus and Utica Shale sources, as well as other trading points in the U.S.  If we experience physical capacity constraints on one or more of the interstate or intrastate natural gas pipelines that supply our businesses, we may not be able to supply our customers, which could have an adverse impact on our financial results.  Our businesses also face several risks, including the breakdown or failure of, or damage to, equipment or processes (especially due to severe weather or natural disasters), accidents and  other  factors,  including  as  a  result  of  overpressurization  of  or  damage  to  natural  gas  pipelines.    Operation  of  our transmission and distribution systems or our midstream assets below our expectations may result in lost revenues or increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs, civil litigation and the risk of regulatory penalties.

## Risks Relating to Our International Operations

Our  international  operations  could  be  subject  to  increased  risks,  which  may negatively  affect  our  business  results. We operate LPG distribution and energy marketing businesses in Europe through our subsidiaries.  As a result, we face risks in conducting business abroad that we do not face domestically.  Certain aspects inherent in transacting business internationally could negatively impact our operating results, including:

- costs and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;
- potentially adverse tax consequences, including restrictions on repatriating earnings, the threat of 'double taxation,' and  potential  increases  to  corporate  income  taxes  (including  the  proposed  OECD  framework  that  aims  to  reform international  taxation  rules  with  the  goal  of  ensuring  that  multinational  corporations  pay  adequate  taxes  in  the jurisdictions in which they operate and other similar proposals);
- fluctuations in currency exchange rates, particularly the euro, which can affect demand for our products, increase our costs and adversely affect our profitability and reported results;
- new or revised regulatory requirements, including European competition and carbon emission laws, that may adversely affect the terms of contracts with customers, including with respect to exclusive supply rights and usage restrictions, and stricter regulations applicable to the storage and handling of LPG;
- new  and  inconsistently  enforced  industry  regulatory  requirements,  which  can  have  an  adverse  effect  on  our competitive position;
- tariffs and other trade barriers;
- difficulties in enforcing contractual rights;
- local political and economic conditions as well as geopolitical conditions that could cause instability and adversely impact the global economy or specific markets, such as the war between Russia and Ukraine; and
- potential  violations  of  federal  regulatory  requirements,  including  anti-bribery,  anti-corruption,  and  anti-money laundering  law,  economic  sanctions,  the  Foreign  Corrupt  Practices  Act  of  1977,  as  amended,  and  EU  regulatory requirements, including the GDPR and Sapin II.

In particular, certain legal and regulatory risks are associated with international business operations.  We are subject to various anti-corruption,  economic  sanctions  and  trade  compliance  laws,  rules  and  regulations.    For  example,  the  U.S.  government imposes restrictions and prohibitions on transactions in certain foreign countries, including restrictions directed at oil and gas activities in Russia.  U.S. laws also prohibit the improper offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment of money or anything of value to any foreign official or political party, or to any person, knowing that all or a portion of it will be used to influence a foreign official in his or her official duties or to secure an improper advantage.  Ensuring compliance with all relevant laws, rules and regulations is a complex task.  Violation of one or more of these laws, rules or regulations could lead to loss of import or export privileges, civil or criminal penalties for us or our employees, or potential reputational harm, which could have a material adverse impact on earnings, cash flows and financial condition.

The European energy crisis may create LPG commodity supply challenges and could negatively impact our business results. The geopolitical situation in Europe during 2022 led to a sharp decrease in natural gas imports from Russia to Europe. This

## Table of Contents

decrease resulted in a significant increase in natural gas prices in Europe. In response to the significant price increase, refineries are substituting a portion of their natural gas refinery fuels with LPG, leading to a decrease in the availability of LPG in some areas of Europe as well as higher LPG costs. In addition, gas processing plants supplying the United Kingdom and Norway markets are injecting LPG into the natural gas grid, decreasing the overall supply of LPG from the gas processing plants. In this context, LPG supply patterns are substantially changing with increased reliance on sea-imports and land logistics.

We anticipate  that  the  European energy  crisis  and  the  corresponding  response  by  refineries  and  gas  processing  plants  will continue in Fiscal 2023, which may lead to commodity supply challenges in some markets, higher commodity costs that may not be able to be absorbed by our customers, particularly in the United Kingdom and our Eastern European markets, and lower consumption by our customers, among other impacts, which could have a material adverse impact on our earnings, cash flows and overall financial condition.

Economic and geopolitical  instability,  including  as  a  result  of  acts  of  war,  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our operating  results,  financial  condition,  and  cash  flows. In  late  February  2022,  Russian  military  forces  launched  significant military action against Ukraine, which has continued through the date of this Report. We do not have operations in Russia or Ukraine.  Nevertheless,  the  outbreak  of  war  between  Russia  and  Ukraine  and  the  resulting  sanctions  by  U.S.  and  European governments,  together  with  any  additional  future  sanctions  by  them,  could  have  a  larger  impact  that  expands  into  other geographies where we do business, including our supply chain, business partners and customers in those markets, which could result  in  lost  sales,  supply  shortages,  commodity  price  fluctuations,  increased  costs,  transportation  logistics  challenges, customer credit and liquidity issues, and lost efficiencies. The acceleration of a global energy crisis, including as a result of restrictions on Russia's energy exports, could similarly impact the geographies where we do business. In addition, the U.S. and Europe have commenced certain trade actions as a result of the war between Russia and Ukraine, which are expected to result in retaliatory measures or actions, including tariffs, by Russia. While significant uncertainty exists with respect to this matter, the war between Russia and Ukraine and its broader impacts, including any increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade imposed by the U.S. or Europe, or further retaliatory trade measures taken by Russia or other countries in response, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows.

Our energy marketing business in Europe may continue to be dramatically disrupted by extreme prices and volatility in the natural gas and power markets in Europe, which have resulted in, and may continue to result in, a material negative impact on  our  financial  results. Our  natural  gas  and  power  marketing  businesses  have  traditionally  relied  upon  stable  price  and availability conditions.  The European energy markets have entered in an unprecedented state of volatility. In addition to the pre-existing natural gas supply shortages, the war between Russia and Ukraine and the resulting substantial reduction of natural gas imports from Russia to Europe have led to significant increases in the costs of both wholesale gas and power, and have created new risks that we have experienced and expect to continue to experience in Fiscal 2023 within our European energy marketing business.  These risks include: (i) the ability to economically support the traditional fixed price and full requirement contracts of customers due to the significant increased cost to purchase incremental additional volumes consumed in excess of expectations;  (ii)  the  ability  to  service  typical  portfolio  needs  with  standard  trading  activities  due  to  the  limitations  on purchasing cost effective services in the market; (iii) the ability to pass increased costs onto customers due, among other things, to  timing,  regulatory  and  contractual  constraints,  and  (iv)  the  ability  to  maintain  hedging  services  to  customers  due  to  the margining constraints and maximum trading limits implemented by clearing banks on supplier counterparties. As a result, UGI is considering all scenarios with respect to the future of its energy marketing business in Europe, including exit and wind down. On October 25, 2022, UGI announced the sale of its energy marketing business in the United Kingdom and in November 2022, UGI announced its intent to sell its energy marketing business located in France. The risks identified with respect to our energy marketing business in Europe have resulted in and may continue to have a material negative impact on our financial results.

## Risks Relating to Our Supply Chain and Our Ability to Obtain Adequate Quantities of LPG

We  are  dependent  on  our  principal  LPG  suppliers,  which  increases  the risks  from  an  interruption  in  supply  and transportation. During Fiscal 2022, AmeriGas Propane purchased approximately 85% of its propane needs from 20 suppliers. If supplies from these sources were interrupted, the cost of procuring replacement supplies and transporting those supplies from alternative locations might be materially higher and, at least on a short-term basis, our earnings could be affected.  Additionally, in  certain  geographic  areas,  a  single  supplier  provides  more  than  50%  of  AmeriGas  Propane's  propane  requirements. Disruptions in supply in these geographic areas could also have an adverse impact on our earnings. Our international businesses are similarly dependent upon their LPG suppliers.  For example, during Fiscal 2022, UGI International's business in the United Kingdom purchased approximately 90% of its LPG needs from two suppliers and, in Italy, approximately 74% of its supply was  sourced  from  two  suppliers.  If  supplies  from  UGI  International's  principal  LPG  sources  are  interrupted,  the  cost  of procuring replacement supplies and transporting those supplies from alternative locations might be materially higher and our earnings could be adversely affected.  There is no assurance that our international businesses will be able to continue to acquire sufficient supplies of LPG to meet demand at prices or within time periods that would allow them to remain competitive.

## Table of Contents

Our ability to obtain sufficient quantities of LPG is dependent on transportation facilities and providers. Spikes in demand caused by weather or other factors can limit our access to port terminals and other transportation and storage facilities, disrupt transportation and limit our ability to obtain sufficient quantities of LPG.  A significant increase in port and similar fees and fuel prices may also adversely affect our transportation costs and business.  Transportation providers (rail and truck) in some circumstances  have  limited  ability  to  provide  additional  resources  in  times  of  peak  demand.    Moreover,  the  ability  of  our transportation  providers  to  maintain  a  staff  of  qualified  truck  drivers  is  critical  to  the  success  of  our  business.    Regulatory requirements  and  an  improvement  in  the  economy  could  reduce  the  number  of  eligible  drivers  or  require  us  to  pay  higher transportation fees as our transportation providers seek to pass on additional labor costs associated with attracting and retaining drivers.

Our profitability is subject to LPG pricing and inventory risk. The retail LPG business is a 'margin-based' business in which gross profits are dependent upon the excess of the sales price over LPG supply costs.  LPG is a commodity, and, as such, its unit  price  is  subject  to  fluctuations  in  response  to  changes  in  supply  or  other  market  conditions.    We  have  no  control  over supplies,  commodity  prices  or  market  conditions.    Consequently,  the  unit  price  of  the  LPG  that  our  subsidiaries  and  other distributors and marketers purchase can change rapidly over a short period of time.  Most of our domestic LPG product supply contracts permit suppliers to charge posted prices at the time of delivery or the current prices established at major U.S. storage points  such  as  Mont  Belvieu,  Texas  or  Conway,  Kansas.    Most  of  our  international  LPG  supply  contracts  are  based  on internationally quoted market prices.  We also purchase a portion of our supplies in the spot market.  Because our subsidiaries' profitability is sensitive to changes in wholesale LPG supply costs, we will be adversely affected if we cannot pass on increases in the cost of LPG to our customers, or if there is a delay in passing on such cost increases.  Due to competitive pricing in the industry, our subsidiaries may not fully be able to pass on product cost increases to our customers when product costs rise, or when our competitors do not raise their product prices in a timely manner.  Finally, market volatility may cause our subsidiaries to sell LPG at less than the price at which they purchased it, which would adversely affect our operating results.

We offer our customers various fixed-price LPG programs, and a significant number of our customers utilize our fixed-price programs.  In  order  to  manage  the  price  risk  from  offering  these  services,  we  utilize  our  physical  inventory  position, supplemented by forward commodity transactions with various third parties having terms and volumes substantially the same as our customers' contracts, but there can be no assurance that such measures will be effective.  In periods of high LPG price volatility,  the  fixed-price  programs  create  exposure  to  over  or  under-supply  positions  as  the  demand  from  customers  may significantly exceed or fall short of supply procured.  In addition, if LPG prices decline significantly subsequent to customers signing up for a fixed-price program, there is a risk that customers will default on their commitments, adversely affecting our results of operations.

Changes in commodity market prices may have a significant negative effect on our liquidity. Depending on the terms of our contracts  with  suppliers  as  well  as  our  use  of  financial  instruments  to  reduce  volatility  in  the  cost  of  LPG  and  natural  gas, changes in the market price of LPG and natural gas can create margin payment obligations for us and expose us to increased liquidity  risk.    In  addition,  increased  demand  for  domestically  produced  LPG  and  natural  gas  overseas  may,  depending  on production volumes in the U.S., result in higher domestic prices and expose us to additional liquidity risks.

Supplier and derivative counterparty defaults may have a negative effect on our operating results. When we enter into fixedprice  sales  contracts  with  customers,  we  typically  enter  into  fixed-price  purchase  contracts  with  suppliers.  Depending  on changes in the market prices of products compared to the prices secured in our contracts with suppliers of LPG, natural gas and electricity, a default of or force majeure by one or more of our suppliers under such contracts could cause us to purchase those commodities at higher prices from alternate suppliers, which would have a negative impact on our operating results.

Additionally, we economically hedge the market risk associated with a substantial portion of our supply purchases using certain derivative instruments.  Such changes in market prices of the aforementioned commodities could result in material exposures or significant  concentrations  of  balances  with  derivative  counterparties.  If  certain  counterparties  were  unable  to  meet  the obligations  set  forth  in  these  derivative  contracts  and  we  were  unable  to  fully  mitigate  this  exposure  via  collateral  deposit requirements and master netting arrangements, such outcomes could result in a negative effect on our operating results.

Our business is dependent on the domestic and global supply chain to ensure that equipment, materials and other resources are available to both expand and maintain services in a safe and reliable manner.  Moreover, prices of equipment, materials and  other  resources  have  increased  recently  and  may  continue  to  increase  in  the  future.    Failure  to  secure  equipment, materials and other resources on economically acceptable terms may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Current domestic and global supply chain issues are delaying the delivery, and in some cases resulting in shortages of,  materials, equipment and other resources that are critical to our business operations.  Failure to eliminate or manage the

## Table of Contents

constraints in the supply chain may impact the availability of items that are necessary to support normal operations as well as materials that are required for continued infrastructure growth, including the replacement of end-of-life assets.

Moreover, inflation is an area of increasing economic concern, both domestically and internationally.  Changes in the costs of providing our energy products and services, including price increases in equipment and materials as well as increases in labor and distribution costs, may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations and/or result in corresponding price increases for the energy products and services we offer our customers.

## Risks Relating to Government Regulation and Oversight

Regulators  may  not  approve  the  rates  we  request  and  existing  rates  may  be  challenged,  which  may  adversely  affect  our results of operations. In our Utilities segment, our distribution operations are subject to regulation by the PAPUC, WVPSC and MDPSC, depending on the state in which the operations are located.  These regulatory bodies, among other things, approve the rates  that  Utilities  may  charge  utility  customers,  thus  impacting  the  returns  that  Utilities  may  earn  on  the  assets  that  are dedicated  to  its  operations.    Utilities  periodically  files,  and  we  expect  to  continue  to  periodically  file,  requests  with  these regulatory bodies to increase base rates charged to customers in the respective states in which Utilities operates.  If Utilities is required in a rate proceeding to reduce the rates it charges its utility customers, or is unable to obtain approval for timely rate increases from the appropriate regulatory body, particularly when necessary to cover increased costs, Utilities' revenue growth will be limited and earnings may decrease.

The enactment of proposed or future tax legislation may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. On March 27, 2020, the U.S. enacted the CARES Act.  Our financial statements reflect the realized benefits of the CARES Act. See 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.'  Application of the CARES Act requires significant judgments to be made in the interpretation of the law and significant estimates in the calculation of the provision for income taxes.  If our interpretation of the CARES Act differs significantly from the interpretation of governing bodies, or if future administrations choose to repeal or replace the provisions of the CARES Act, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted.

Additionally, the enactment of future tax legislation (such as the proposed OECD framework that aims to reform international taxation rules with the goal of ensuring that multinational corporations pay adequate taxes in the jurisdictions in which they operate and other similar proposals) could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations, including our worldwide income tax provision and accruals reflected in our financial statements.  For example, the Inflation Reduction Act was enacted on August 16, 2022. This law, among other provisions, imposes a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income, which is effective for us beginning with Fiscal 2024, provides for an investment tax credit for  qualified  biomass  property,  and  introduces  a  one  percent  excise  tax  on  corporate  stock  repurchases  after  December  31, 2022. We are currently assessing the potential impact of these legislative  changes  and  will  continue  to  evaluate  the  overall impact of other current, future and proposed regulations and interpretive guidance from tax authorities on our effective tax rate and  consolidated  balance  sheets.  We  are  unable  to  predict  whether  any  such  changes  or  other  proposals  will  ultimately  be enacted.  Any future legislative changes could negatively impact our anticipated cash-flow and after-tax results of operations.

Our need to comply with, and respond to, industry-wide changes resulting from, comprehensive, complex, and sometimes unpredictable governmental  regulations,  including  regulatory  initiatives  aimed  at  increasing  competition  within  our industry, may increase our costs and limit our revenue growth, which may adversely affect our operating results. While we generally  refer  to  our  Utilities  segment  as  our  'regulated  segment,'  there  are  many  governmental  regulations  that  have  an impact on all of our businesses.  Currently, we are subject to extensive and changing international, federal, state, and local laws and regulations including, but not limited to, safety, health, transportation, tax, and environmental laws and regulations that govern  the  marketing,  storage,  distribution,  and  transportation  of  our  energy  products.    Moreover,  existing  statutes  and regulations may be revised or reinterpreted and new laws and regulations may be adopted or become applicable to us that may affect our businesses in ways that we cannot predict.

New regulations, or a change in the interpretation of existing regulations, could result in increased expenditures.  In addition, for many of our operations, we are required to obtain permits from regulatory authorities and, in some cases, such regulatory permits could subject our operations to additional regulations and standards of conduct.  Failure to obtain or comply with these permits  or  applicable  regulations  and  standards  of  conduct  could  result  in  civil  and  criminal  fines  or  the  cessation  of  the operations in violation.  Governmental regulations and policies in the U.S. and Europe may provide for subsidies or incentives to customers who use alternative fuels instead of carbon fuels.  The EU has committed to cut CO2 emissions and EU member states are proposing and implementing a range of subsidies and incentives to achieve the EU's climate change goals.  These subsidies and incentives may result in reduced demand for our energy products and services.

## Table of Contents

We are investigating and remediating contamination at a number of present and former operating sites in the U.S., including former sites where we or our former subsidiaries operated MGPs.  We have also received claims from third parties that allege that we are responsible for costs to clean up properties where we or our former subsidiaries operated a MGP or conducted other operations.  Most of the costs we incur to remediate sites outside of Pennsylvania cannot currently be recovered in PAPUC rate proceedings, and insurance may not cover all or even part of these costs.  Our actual costs to clean up these sites may exceed our current estimates due to factors beyond our control, such as:

- the discovery of presently unknown conditions;
- changes in environmental laws and regulations;
- judicial rejection of our legal defenses to third-party claims; or
- the insolvency of other responsible parties at the sites at which we are involved.

Moreover, if we discover additional contaminated sites, we could be required to incur material costs, which would reduce our net income.

We also may be unable to timely respond to changes within the  energy  and  utility  sectors  that  may  result  from  regulatory initiatives to further increase competition within our industry. Such regulatory initiatives may create opportunities for additional competitors to grow their business or enter our markets and, as a result, we may be unable to maintain our revenues or continue to pursue our current business strategy.

Our operations, financial results and cash flows may be adversely affected by existing and future global climate change laws and regulations, including with respect to GHG emission restrictions, as well as market responses thereto. Climate change continues to  attract  considerable  public  and  scientific  attention  in  the  U.S.  and  in  foreign  countries.    As  a  result,  numerous proposals  have  been  made,  and  could  continue  to  be  made,  at  the  international,  national,  regional,  state  and  local  levels  of government to monitor and limit GHG emissions and climate impact.  These efforts have included consideration of, among other things, cap-and-trade programs, carbon taxes, GHG reporting and tracking programs, and regulations that directly limit GHG emissions from certain sources.

Increased regulation of GHG emissions, or climate impact generally, could have significant additional adverse impacts on us as well  as  our  suppliers,  vendors,  and  customers.  The  adoption  and  implementation  of  any  laws  or  regulations  imposing obligations on, or limiting GHG emissions from, our equipment and operations could require us to incur significant costs to reduce GHG emissions associated with our operations or could adversely affect demand for our energy products.  The potential increase in our operating costs could include, but are not limited to, new costs to operate and maintain our facilities, install new emission  controls  on  our  facilities,  acquire  allowances  to  authorize  our  GHG  emissions,  pay  taxes  related  to  our  GHG emissions, administer and manage a GHG emissions reduction program, and adversely impact the value of certain assets.  We may not be able to pass on resulting increases in costs to customers.  In addition, changes in regulatory policies that result in a reduction in the demand for hydrocarbon products and carbon-emitting fuel sources that are deemed to contribute to climate change, or restrict the use of such products or fuel sources, may reduce volumes available to us for processing, transportation, marketing and storage and could cause increases in costs or production disruptions.  These developments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial results, valuation and useful life of assets, and cash flows.

## Table of Contents

Changes in data privacy and data protection laws and regulations or any failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business and financial results. As part of our operations, we collect, use, store and transfer the personal  information  and  data  of  our  employees  as  well  as  customer,  vendor  and  supplier  data  in  and  across  various jurisdictions.  There  has  been  increased  public  attention  regarding  the  use  of  personal  information  and  data  transfers, accompanied  by  legislation  and  regulations  intended  to  strengthen  data  protection,  information  security  and  consumer  and personal privacy.  The laws in these areas continue to develop and the changing nature of data protection, information security and privacy laws in the U.S., the EU and elsewhere could impact our processing of the personal information and data of our employees, vendors, suppliers and customers, which could lead to increased operating costs. Existing and emerging laws and regulations are inconsistent across jurisdictions and are subject to evolving, differing, and sometimes conflicting interpretations. The EU adopted the GDPR, which expanded EU data protections, in certain circumstances, to companies outside of the EU processing  data  of  EU  residents,  regardless  of  whether  the  processing  occurs  in  the  EU.    Similarly,  the  State  of  California legislature  passed  the  California  Consumer  Privacy  Act  of  2018  (the  'CCPA')  and  the  California  Privacy  Rights  Act  (the 'CPRA'),  which,  among  other  things,  grant  a  number  of  rights  to  California  residents  with  respect  to  their  personal information, and require companies to make extensive disclosures to consumers about such companies' data collection, use, and sharing practices and inform consumers of their personal information rights. In addition, the CPRA created a new state privacy regulator, which will likely result in greater regulatory activity and enforcement in the privacy area.  Comprehensive privacy laws with some similarities to the CCPA and CPRA have been proposed or passed at the U.S. federal and state levels, such as the  Virginia  Consumer  Data  Protection  Act  (the  'VCDPA)  and  the  Colorado  Privacy  Act  (the  'CPA').  Additionally,  the Federal  Trade  Commission  and  many  state  attorneys  general  are  interpreting  federal  and  state  consumer  protection  laws  to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data as well as requiring disclosures about these practices. We expect that there will continue to be new laws, regulations and industry standards concerning data privacy and data  protection  in  the  U.S.,  the  EU  and  other  jurisdictions,  and  we  cannot  yet  determine  the  impact  such  laws,  regulations, interpretations and standards may have on our business.

While we have invested significant time and resources in our GDPR compliance program, emerging and changing data privacy and data protection requirements, including CCPA, CPRA, VCDPA and CPA, as well as other new and upcoming federal and state privacy laws and industry standards may cause us to incur substantial fines, additional significant costs or require us to change our business practices. Any failure or perceived failure to comply may result in proceedings or actions against us by government entities or individuals.  Moreover, any inquiries or investigations, any other government actions or any actions by individuals  may  be  costly  to  comply  with,  result  in  negative  publicity,  increase  our  operating  costs,  require  significant management time and attention and subject us to remedies that may harm our business, including fines, demands or orders that we modify or cease existing business practices.

The  provisions  of  the  Dodd-Frank  Wall  Street  Reform  and  Consumer  Protection  Act  (the  'Dodd-Frank  Act'),  related regulations,  and  the  rules  adopted  thereunder  and  other  regulations,  including  the  European  Market  Infrastructure Regulation (the 'EMIR'), may have an adverse effect on our ability to use derivative instruments to hedge risks associated with our business. Our derivative hedging activities are subject to Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act, which regulates the overthe-counter  derivatives  market  and  entities  that  participate  in  that  market.  The  Dodd-Frank  Act  requires  the  CFTC  and  the federal  banking  regulators  to  implement  the  Dodd-Frank  Act's  provisions  through  rulemaking,  including  rules  regarding mandatory clearing, trade execution and margin requirements. We have and expect to continue to qualify for and rely upon an exception from mandatory clearing and trade execution requirements for swaps entered into by commercial end-users to hedge commercial risks. In addition to relief from the clearing mandate, we also expect to continue to qualify for an exception for nonfinancial end-users from the margin requirements on uncleared swaps. If we are not able to do so and have to post margin as to our uncleared swaps in the future, our costs of entering into and maintaining swaps would be increased.

Based  on  information  available  as  of  the  date  of  this  Report,  the  effect  of  such  requirements  will  be  likely  to  (directly  or indirectly) increase our overall costs of entering into derivatives transactions. In particular, new margin requirements, position limits and significantly higher capital charges resulting from new global capital regulations, even if not directly applicable to us, may cause an increase in the pricing of derivatives transactions entered into by market participants to whom such requirements apply or affect our overall ability to enter into derivatives transactions with certain counterparties. While costs imposed directly on us due to regulatory requirements for derivatives under the Dodd-Frank Act, such as reporting, recordkeeping and electing the end-user exception from mandatory clearing, are relatively minor, costs imposed upon our counterparties may increase the cost of our doing business in the derivatives markets to the extent such costs are passed on to us.

The EMIR may result in increased costs for over-the-counter derivative counterparties trading in the EU and may also lead to an  increase  in  the  costs  of,  and  demand  for,  the  liquid  collateral  that  the  EMIR  requires  central  counterparties  to  accept. Although we expect to continue to qualify as a non-financial counterparty under the EMIR, and thus not be required to post margin, we are currently subject to limited derivatives reporting requirements that could expand in the future, and may also be

## Table of Contents

subject  to  increased  regulatory  requirements,  including  recordkeeping,  marking  to  market,  timely  confirmations,  portfolio reconciliation and dispute resolution procedures. Provisions under the EMIR could significantly increase the cost of derivatives contracts, materially alter the terms of derivatives contracts and reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks that we encounter. The increased trading costs and collateral costs may have an adverse impact on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects.

## General Risks that May Impact Our Business and Our Shareholders

The inability to attract, develop, retain and engage key employees could adversely affect our ability to execute our strategic, operational and financial plans. We are dependent upon the continued service and contributions of our management and key technical and professional employees, as well as our ability to transfer the knowledge and expertise of our workforce to new employees as our employees retire or we otherwise experience employee turnover. In addition, the success of our operations depends on our ability to identify, attract and develop skilled and experienced key employees. There is increased competition for  experienced  management  and  technical  and  professional  employees,  which  could  increase  the  costs  associated  with identifying,  attracting  and  retaining  such  individuals.  Additionally,  we  may  not  be  able  to  attract,  retain  or  engage  key employees if our compensation and benefits program is not as robust as the compensation and benefits programs offered by other employers for similar roles.  Further, a lack of employee engagement could lead to loss of productivity and increased employee burnout, turnover, absenteeism, safety incidents as well as decreased customer satisfaction. If we cannot identify, attract, develop, retain and engage management, technical and professional employees, along with other qualified employees, to support the various functions of our business, our operations and financial performance could be adversely impacted.

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the spread of variant strains has adversely impacted our business, and could in the future materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic, including the spread of variant strains, has resulted in, and could continue to result in, widespread impacts on the global economy and on our employees, customers, third-party business partners and other stakeholders.  While we have experienced improving activity in most markets and geographies, there remains considerable uncertainty regarding the extent to which COVID-19 and variant strains  will  continue to spread and the extent and duration of domestic and global measures designed to contain the spread, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, vaccination mandates and business and government shutdowns.  The continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic may, among other things:

- negatively impact the financial condition of our customers and their ability to pay for our products and services;
- decrease demand for our products and services, as was the case in Fiscal 2020 through part of Fiscal 2022 with respect to certain of our natural gas and propane products and services;
- disrupt or delay progress in the development and completion of our energy infrastructure projects;
- prolong the time period necessary to perform maintenance of our infrastructure;
- result in operational delays, including delay in the delivery of our products to customers;
- result in temporary or permanent shortages in our workforce;
- result in impairment relating to certain current and long-lived assets and goodwill;
- delay the timeliness of our ability to source goods;
- result in commodity price volatility and supply chain constraints, as was the case in in Fiscal 2020 through part of Fiscal 2022; and
- limit or curtail significantly or entirely the ability of public utility commissions to approve or authorize applications and other requests we may make with respect to our regulated businesses.

Throughout the pandemic, we have modified or restricted certain business and workforce practices (including employee travel, presence at employee work locations, and physical participation in meetings, events, and conferences) to protect the health and safety  of  our  workforce,  and  to  conform  to  government  orders,  as  well  as  regulatory  and  public  health  authority  guidance. While we have generally reopened our offices, our employees continue to be exposed to health and safety risks and we may reinstate  modified  or  restricted  business  and  workforce  practices,  including  office  closures,  as  the  pandemic  continues.  We depend on our workforce to operate our facilities, deliver our products and provide services to customers.  If a large portion of our operational workforce were to contract COVID-19 simultaneously, we would rely upon our business continuity plans in an effort to continue operations, but there is no certainty that such measures would be sufficient to mitigate the adverse impact to our operations.

The  degree  to  which  COVID-19  and  variant  strains  may  impact  our  business  operations,  financial  condition,  liquidity  and results of operations is unknown at this time and will depend on future developments, including the continued spread of the virus  and  its  variants,  the  efficacy  of  available  vaccines,  the  severity  of  the  disease,  the  duration  of  the  pandemic,  actions prescribed or ordered by governmental authorities, public health authority guidance, and when and to what extent economic and operating conditions can return to pre-pandemic levels.

## Table of Contents

We may not be able to collect on the accounts of our customers. We depend on the viability of our customers for collections of accounts  receivable  and  notes  receivable.    Moreover,  our  businesses  serve  numerous  retail  customers,  and  as  we  grow  our businesses organically and through acquisitions, our retail customer base is expected to expand.  There can be no assurance that our customers will not experience financial difficulties in the future or that we will be able to collect all of our outstanding accounts receivable or notes receivable.  Any such nonpayment by our customers could adversely affect our business.

We are subject to operating and litigation risks that may not be covered by insurance. Our business operations are subject to all of the operating hazards and risks normally incidental to the handling, storage and distribution of combustible products, such as LPG and natural gas, and the generation of electricity.  These risks could result in substantial losses due to personal injury and/or  loss  of  life,  and  severe  damage  to  and  destruction  of  property  and  equipment  arising  from  explosions  and  other catastrophic events, including acts of terrorism.  As a result of these and other incidents, we are sometimes a defendant in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, including regulatory investigations, claims, lawsuits and other  proceedings.   Additionally,  environmental contamination or other incidents resulting in an environmental impact have resulted in, and could continue to result in, legal or regulatory proceedings (see ' Our need to comply with, and respond to, industry-wide  changes  resulting  from,  comprehensive,  complex,  and  sometimes  unpredictable  governmental  regulations, including  regulatory  initiatives  aimed  at  increasing  competition  within  our  industry,  may  increase  our  costs  and  limit  our revenue growth, which may adversely affect our operating results ' for more information on such proceedings).   There can be no assurance that our insurance coverage will be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to pending and future claims or that such levels of insurance would be available in the future at economical prices.  Moreover, defense and settlement costs may be substantial, even with respect to claims and investigations that have no merit.  If we cannot resolve these matters favorably, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects may be materially adversely affected.

The risk of natural disasters, pandemics and catastrophic events, including acts of war and terrorism, may adversely affect the economy and the price and availability of LPG, other refined fuels and natural gas. Natural disasters, pandemics and catastrophic events, such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, tornadoes, hurricanes, terrorist attacks, war, political unrest and other similar occurrences, may adversely impact the demand for, price and availability of LPG (including propane), other refined fuels and natural gas, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations, our ability to raise capital and our future growth.  The impact that the foregoing may have on our industries in general, and on us in particular, is not known at this time. A natural disaster, pandemic or an act of war or terrorism could result in disruptions of crude oil or natural gas supplies and markets (the sources of LPG), cause price volatility in the cost of LPG, fuel oil and natural gas, and our infrastructure facilities could be directly or indirectly impacted.  Additionally, if our means of supply transportation, such as rail, truck or pipeline, are delayed or temporarily unavailable due to a natural disaster, pandemic, war or terrorist activity, we may be unable to transport LPG and other refined fuels in a timely manner or at all.  A lower level of economic activity could result in a decline in energy consumption, which could adversely affect our revenues or restrict our future growth.  Instability in the financial markets as a result of a natural disaster, pandemic, war or terrorism could also affect our ability to raise capital. We have opted to purchase insurance coverage for natural disasters and terrorist acts within our property and casualty insurance programs, but we can give no assurance that our insurance coverage would be adequate to fully compensate us for any losses to our business or property resulting from natural disasters or terrorist acts.

Our indebtedness may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Our debt agreements also contain covenants that restrict our operational flexibility. As of September 30, 2022, we had total indebtedness of $7 billion. Our  indebtedness  could  adversely  affect  our  business,  financial  condition,  operating  results  and  operational  flexibility  by, among other things:

- impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes;
- limiting operational flexibility and our ability to pursue business opportunities and implement certain business strategies;
- impairing our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions;
- impairing our ability to repay our indebtedness at maturity, especially where our debt agreements contain significant maturities;
- exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates where our debt agreements have variable interest rates; and
- placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have proportionately less debt and fewer guarantee obligations.

The occurrence of any of such events could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, if  our credit ratings were to be downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe higher risk to our rating levels, our industry, or us, our access to capital and the cost of any future debt financing could be negatively impacted. Additionally, our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future performance,

## Table of Contents

which is subject to economic and political conditions, seasonal cycles and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, we may be required to, among other things, refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness, reduce or delay planned capital or operating expenditures or sell selected assets. Such measures might not be sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness, and any such refinancing, restructuring or sale of assets might not be available on favorable terms or at all.

In  addition,  our  debt  agreements  generally  contain  customary  affirmative  covenants,  including,  among  others,  covenants pertaining  to  the  delivery  of  financial  statements;  certain  financial  covenants;  notices  of  default  and  certain  other  material events;  payment  of  obligations;  preservation  of  corporate  existence,  rights,  privileges,  permits,  licenses,  franchises  and intellectual  property;  maintenance  of  property  and  insurance  and  compliance  with  laws,  as  well  as  customary  negative covenants, including, among others, limitations on the incurrence of liens, investments and indebtedness; mergers, acquisitions and  certain  other  fundamental  changes;  transfers,  leases  or  dispositions  of  assets  outside  the  ordinary  course  of  business; restricted payments; changes in our line of business; transactions with affiliates and burdensome agreements.  These covenants could  affect  our  ability  to  operate  our  business,  respond  to  changes  in  business  and  economic  conditions,  obtain  additional financing  (if  needed),  and  may  increase  the  amount  of  interest  expense  we  ultimately  pay  pursuant  to  the  debt  agreements. Further, our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in our debt agreements may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions or regulatory changes. A failure to comply with the covenants in our debt agreements could result in a default or an event of default. Upon an event of default, unless waived, the lenders could elect to terminate their commitments, cease making further loans, require cash collateralization of letters of credit, cause their loans to become due and payable in full, foreclose against any assets securing the debt under our debt agreements and force us and our subsidiaries into bankruptcy or liquidation. If the payment of our debt is accelerated, we cannot be certain that we will have sufficient funds available to pay down the indebtedness (together with accrued interest and fees), or that we will have the ability to refinance the accelerated indebtedness on terms favorable to us or at all. This could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Additionally, the terms of future debt agreements could include more restrictive covenants, or require incremental collateral, which may further restrict our business operations or conflict with covenant restrictions then in effect. As a result, there is no guarantee that financings will be available in the future to fund our obligations, or that they will be available on terms consistent with our expectations. See the liquidity section in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis for additional information on our current debt agreements.

Our holding company structure could limit our ability to pay dividends or service debt. We are a holding company whose material assets are the stock of our subsidiaries. Our ability to pay dividends on our Common Stock and to pay principal and accrued interest on our debt, if any, depends on the payment of dividends to us by our principal subsidiaries.  Payments to us by our subsidiaries, in turn, depend upon their consolidated results of operations and cash flows. The operations of our subsidiaries are affected by conditions beyond our control, including weather, regulations, competition in national and international markets we serve, the costs and availability of propane, butane, natural gas, electricity, and other energy sources and capital market conditions.  The  ability  of  our  subsidiaries  to  make  payments  to  us  is  also  affected  by  the  level  of  indebtedness  of  our subsidiaries, which is substantial, and the restrictions on payments to us imposed under the terms of such indebtedness.

Volatility in credit and capital markets may restrict our ability to grow, increase the likelihood of defaults by our suppliers and vendors, customers and counterparties and adversely affect our operating results. Volatility in credit and capital markets may create additional risks to our businesses in the future.  We are exposed to financial market risk (including refinancing risk) resulting  from,  among  other  things,  changes  in  interest  rates  and  conditions  in  the  credit  and  capital  markets.  Adverse developments in the credit markets may increase our possible exposure to the liquidity, default and credit risks of our suppliers and  vendors,  counterparties  associated  with  derivative  financial  instruments  and  our  customers.  Although  we  believe  that current financial market conditions, if they were to continue for the foreseeable future, will not have a significant impact on our ability to fund our existing operations, less favorable market conditions could restrict our ability to grow through acquisitions, limit  the  scope  of  major  capital  projects  if  access  to  credit  and  capital  markets  is  limited,  or  adversely  affect  our  operating results.

We depend on our intellectual property and failure to protect that intellectual property could adversely affect us. We seek trademark protection for our brands in each of our businesses, and we invest significant resources in developing our business brands.  Failure  to  maintain  our  trademarks  and  brands  could  adversely  affect  our  customer-facing  businesses  and  our operational results.

## Table of Contents

Declines  in  the  stock  market  or  bond  market,  and  a  low  interest rate  environment,  may  negatively  impact  our  pension liability. Declines in the stock market and a low interest rate environment historically have resulted in a significant impact on our pension liability and funded status. Declines in the stock or bond market and valuation of stocks or bonds, combined with low interest rates, could further impact our pension liability and funded status and increase the amount of required contributions to our pension plans.

Unless we otherwise consent in writing, our Amended and Restated Bylaws designate a state court located in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania or, if no state court located within such county has jurisdiction over such action or proceeding, the federal United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, which could discourage lawsuits against us and our directors and officers. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that, unless we otherwise consent in writing, a state court located in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania or, if no state court located within such county has jurisdiction over such action or proceeding, the federal United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, as the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us; (b) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of duty owed to us or our shareholders by any director, officer, or other employee of ours; (c) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or against any of our directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to, or involving any interpretation  or  enforcement  of,  any  provision  of  the  Pennsylvania  Associations  Code,  Pennsylvania  Business  Corporation Law of 1988, or our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws; and (d) any action or proceeding asserting a claim peculiar to the relationship between or among us and our officers, directors, and shareholders, or otherwise governed by or involving the internal affairs doctrine.  This exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

This  exclusive  forum  provision  may  limit  the  ability  of  our  shareholders  to  bring  a  claim  in  a  judicial  forum  that  such shareholders find favorable for disputes with us or our directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our  directors  and  officers.  Alternatively,  if  a  court  outside  of  Pennsylvania  were  to  find  this  exclusive  forum  provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings described above, we may  incur  additional  costs  associated  with  resolving  such  matters  in  other  jurisdictions,  which  could  adversely  affect  our business, results of operations and financial condition.

## ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

## ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

With  the  exception  of  those  matters  set  forth  in  Note  17  to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  included  in  Item  15  of  this Report, no material legal proceedings are pending involving the Company, any of its subsidiaries, or any of their properties, and no such proceedings are known to be contemplated by governmental authorities other than claims arising in the ordinary course of business.

## ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

None.

## EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

Information regarding our executive officers is included in Part III of this Report and is incorporated in Part I by reference.

## Table of Contents

## PART II:

## ITEM 5. MARKET  FOR  REGISTRANT'S  COMMON  EQUITY,  RELATED  STOCKHOLDER  MATTERS  AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

## Market Information and Dividend Policy

Our Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol 'UGI.'  On November 11, 2022, we had 6,485 holders of record of Common Stock.

Payment of dividends is subject to declaration by the Board of Directors.  Factors considered in determining dividends include our profitability and expected capital needs.  Subject to these qualifications, we presently expect to continue to pay dividends on a quarterly basis.

## Equity Compensation Plan Information

Information regarding the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans can be found under Part III of this Report.

## Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The  Company  did  not  repurchase  any  shares  of  its  Common  Stock  during  the  quarter  ended  September  30,  2022.    As  of September 30, 2022, the Company had 7.10 million shares of Common Stock available for repurchase through an extension of a previous share repurchase program announced by the Company on February 2, 2022.  The Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 8 million shares of Common Stock over a four-year period expiring in February 2026.

## Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities

The Company did not sell any unregistered securities during Fiscal 2022.

## Performance Graph

The following graph compares the cumulative five-year total shareholder return (stock price appreciation and the reinvestment of dividends) on an investment of $100 in UGI Common Stock, the S&amp;P 500 Index, and the S&amp;P 500 Utilities Index over the five years from September 30, 2017, through September 30, 2022. The stock performance shown on the graph below is based on historical data and is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.

<!-- image -->

## ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Intentionally omitted.

## ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION  AND  ANALYSIS  OF  FINANCIAL  CONDITION  AND  RESULTS  OF OPERATIONS

MD&amp;A discusses our results of operations for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, and our financial condition.  For discussion of our results of operations and cash flows for Fiscal 2021 compared with Fiscal 2020, refer to 'Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations' in our Fiscal 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021. MD&amp;A should be read in conjunction with Items 1 and 2, 'Business and Properties,' Item 1A, 'Risk Factors,' and the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 below including 'Segment Information' included in Note 23 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Because  most  of  our  businesses  sell  or  distribute  energy  products  used  in  large  part  for  heating  purposes,  our  results  are significantly  influenced  by  temperatures  in  our  service  territories,  particularly  during  the  heating-season  months  of  October through  March.    Accordingly,  our  results  of  operations,  after  adjusting  for  the  effects  of  gains  and  losses  on  derivative instruments not associated with current-period transactions as further discussed below, are significantly higher in our first and second fiscal quarters.

## Executive Overview

## Recent Developments

## UGI International Energy Marketing Business

In October 2022, UGI International, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, sold its natural gas marketing business located in the United Kingdom resulting in a net cash payment to the buyer of $19 million which includes working capital adjustments.  The assets and liabilities associated with this business, primarily attributable to the value of unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts, are classified as held-for-sale on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2022.  During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company recognized an impairment charge, which was limited to the disposal group's long-lived assets in accordance with its policy related to assets held for sale.  Such impairment in Fiscal 2022 was not material. An incremental pretax loss of approximately $220 million was recognized in the first quarter of Fiscal 2023 in connection with the completed sale, largely attributable to the difference between the net cash payment to the buyer and the fair value of net derivative assets sold along with customer contracts as of the transaction date. The change in the net assets held for sale as of September 30, 2022, and the loss recognized upon disposal in October 2022, was due to the change in the fair value of the net derivative assets subsequent to September 30, 2022.

In November 2022, the Company announced its intent to sell its energy marketing business located in France, with a definitive agreement expected to be signed in the first quarter of Fiscal 2023.  The Company expects to recognize a significant loss on the sale largely attributable to the value of net derivative assets sold along with the related customer contracts.  At September 30, 2022, the carrying value of the net assets of the Company's energy marketing business in France amounted to approximately $470 million with primarily all of that value related to the fair value of the applicable derivative contracts.

## Global Macroeconomic Conditions

During  Fiscal  2021  and  continuing  into  the  current  fiscal  year,  global  commodity  and  labor  markets  have  experienced significant inflationary pressures attributable to various economic and political factors, including: the economic recovery and evolving  consumer  patterns  associated  with  the  COVID-19  pandemic;  supply  chain  issues  associated  with  labor  shortages; significant inflationary pressures on commodity prices; and political and regulatory conditions resulting from the war between Russia and Ukraine, among others. These factors have led to significant volatility across various consumer price indices during Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022. We have experienced substantial shifts in commodity prices, particularly in LPG, natural gas and electricity  prices,  which,  in  turn,  have  led  to  extensive  mark-to-market  impacts  on  commodity  derivative  instruments  not associated with current-period activity. The ongoing strain on supply costs has resulted in increased inventory costs and certain distribution expenses across all of our businesses. It has also affected requirements around cash collateral and restricted cash associated with our outstanding derivatives. We cannot predict the duration or total magnitude of these factors and the total effects on our business, financial position, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows at this time. However, we continue to evaluate and react to these global economic and political conditions and remain focused on managing our financial condition and liquidity as these conditions continue to evolve.

## Table of Contents

## Acquisition of Mountaineer Gas Company

On September 1, 2021, UGI acquired Mountaineer, the largest natural gas distribution company in West Virginia for a purchase price  of  $540  million,  which  included  the  assumption  of  approximately  $140  million  principal  amounts  of  long-term  debt. Mountaineer serves nearly 214,000 customers across 50 of the state's 55 counties, and is subject to regulation by the WVPSC. The Mountaineer Acquisition was funded with cash proceeds from the 2021 UGI Corporation Senior Credit Facility and the issuance of Equity Units and cash on hand. Mountaineer is included in the Utilities segment as of and in all periods subsequent to the acquisition date.  For additional information on the Mountaineer Acquisition and the associated financing activities, see Notes 5, 6 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Continuing Business Transformation Initiatives

By  the  end  of  Fiscal  2021,  AmeriGas  Propane  and  UGI  International  substantially  completed  their  previously  announced business  transformation  initiatives.  Benefits  provided  under  each  initiative  were  consistent  with  expectations  during  Fiscal 2022, and are expected to provide ongoing annual benefits of more than $150 million and €30 million, respectively.

Beginning in Fiscal 2020, we initiated a transformation project focused on our corporate support functions including: finance, procurement, human resources and information technology. This initiative will standardize processes and activities across our global platform, while leveraging the use of best practices and efficiencies between our businesses. While this initiative is being coordinated  across  multiple  support  functions,  each  function  is  at  a  different  stage  of  transformation  and  will  undergo  the required changes by the end of Fiscal 2023. In connection with these activities, we expect to incur approximately $40 million of non-recurring costs during that time resulting in more than $15 million of ongoing annualized savings by the end of Fiscal 2023.

## Non-GAAP Financial Measures

UGI management uses 'adjusted net income attributable to UGI Corporation' and 'adjusted diluted earnings per share,' both of which are non-GAAP financial measures, when evaluating UGI's overall performance. Management believes that these nonGAAP measures provide meaningful information to investors about UGI's performance because they eliminate gains and losses on commodity and certain foreign currency derivative instruments not associated with current-period transactions and other significant discrete items that can affect the comparison of period-over-period results.

UGI does not designate its commodity and certain foreign currency derivative instruments as hedges under GAAP. Volatility in net  income  attributable  to  UGI  Corporation  can  occur  as  a  result  of  gains  and  losses  on  such  derivative  instruments  not associated  with  current-period  transactions.    These  gains  and  losses  result  principally  from  recording  changes  in  unrealized gains  and  losses  on  unsettled  commodity  and  certain  foreign  currency  derivative  instruments  and,  to  a  much  lesser  extent, certain  realized  gains  and  losses  on  settled  commodity  derivative  instruments  that  are  not  associated  with  current-period transactions. However, because these derivative instruments economically hedge anticipated future purchases or sales of energy commodities, or in the case of certain foreign currency derivatives, reduce volatility in anticipated future earnings associated with our foreign operations, we expect that such gains or losses will be largely offset by gains or losses on anticipated future energy commodity transactions or mitigate volatility in anticipated future earnings. Non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, GAAP and should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the comparable GAAP measures.

The following tables reflect the adjustments referred to above and reconcile net income attributable to UGI Corporation, the most  directly  comparable  GAAP  measure,  to  adjusted  net  income  attributable  to  UGI  Corporation,  and  reconcile  diluted earnings per share, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to adjusted diluted earnings per share:

## Table of Contents

| Year Ended September 30,  (Millions of dollars, except per share amounts)  2022  2021  Adjusted net income attributable to UGI Corporation:  AmeriGas Propane  $  112  $  168  UGI International  175  221  Midstream &amp; Marketing  163  107  Utilities  206  144  Corporate &amp; Other (a)  417  827  Net income attributable to UGI Corporation  1,073  1,467  Net gains on commodity derivative instruments not associated with current-period  transactions (net of tax of $140 and $389, respectively)  (458)  (1,001)  Unrealized gains on foreign currency derivative instruments (net of tax of $14 and $2,  respectively)  (36)  (6)  Business transformation expenses (net of tax of $(2) and $(27), respectively)  7  74  Acquisition and integration expenses associated with the Mountaineer Acquisition (net of tax  of $(1) and $(4), respectively)  1  10  Impairment of customer relationship intangible (net of tax of $0 and $(5), respectively)  -  15  Impairments of certain equity method investments and assets (net of tax of $(14) and $0,  respectively)  26  93  Impact of change in tax law  (19)  (23)  Loss on extinguishment of debt (net of tax of $(3) and $0, respectively)  8  -  Restructuring costs (net of tax of $(10) and $0, respectively)  24  -  Total adjustments (a) (b)  (447)  (838)  Adjusted net income attributable to UGI Corporation  $  626  $  629  Adjusted diluted earnings per share:  AmeriGas Propane  $  0.52  $  0.79  UGI International  0.81  1.04  Midstream &amp; Marketing  0.76  0.51  Utilities  0.95  0.68  Corporate &amp; Other (a)  1.93  3.90  Earnings per share - diluted  4.97  6.92  Net gains on commodity derivative instruments not associated with current-period transactions  (2.11)  (4.72)  Unrealized gains on foreign currency derivative instruments  (0.17)  (0.03)  Business transformation expenses  0.03  0.35  Acquisition and integration expenses associated with the Mountaineer Acquisition  -  0.04  Impairment of customer relationship intangible  -  0.07  Impairments of certain equity method investments and assets  0.12  0.44  Impact of change in tax law  (0.09)  (0.11)  Loss on extinguishment of debt  0.03  -  Restructuring costs  0.12  -  Total adjustments (a)  (2.07)  (3.96)  Adjusted diluted earnings per share  $  2.90  $  2.96   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Corporate &amp; Other includes certain adjustments made to our reporting segments in arriving at net income attributable to UGI Corporation. These adjustments have been excluded from the segment results to align with the measure used by our CODM in assessing segment performance and allocating resources. See Note 23 to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to these adjustments, as well as other items included within Corporate &amp; Other.

(b) Income taxes associated with pre-tax adjustments determined using statutory business unit tax rates.

## Fiscal 2022 Compared with Fiscal 2021

Discussion. Net income attributable to UGI Corporation was $1,073 million for Fiscal 2022 (equal to $4.97 per diluted share) compared to $1,467 million for Fiscal 2021 (equal to $6.92 per diluted share). Net income attributable to UGI Corporation in Fiscal 2022 reflects a $513 million year-over-year decrease in net unrealized gains on commodity derivative instruments and certain  foreign  currency  derivative  instruments.    This  decrease  reflects  the  significant  volatility  related  to  commodity  prices during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, as well as the stronger U.S dollar versus the euro, and has contributed to the accumulation of substantial derivative assets related to the Company's commodity derivative instruments at both September 30, 2022 and 2021.  Net income attributable to UGI Corporation for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 also includes (1) impairments of certain equity  method  investments  and  other  assets  of  $26  million  and  $108  million,  respectively;  (2)  benefits  related  to  tax  law changes  of  $19  million  and  $23  million,  respectively;  (3)  business  transformation  expenses  of  $7  million  and  $74  million, respectively; and (4) acquisition and integration expenses of $1 million and $10 million, respectively. Net income attributable to UGI Corporation for Fiscal 2022 also includes restructuring costs of $21 million largely attributable to a reduction in workforce and related costs, and a loss on extinguishment of debt of $8 million associated with financing activities at UGI International.

Adjusted  net  income  attributable  to  UGI  Corporation  for  Fiscal  2022  was  $626  million  (equal  to  $2.90  per  diluted  share) compared to adjusted net income attributable to UGI Corporation for Fiscal 2021 of $629 million (equal to $2.96 per diluted share). The slight decrease in adjusted net income attributable to UGI Corporation during Fiscal 2022 reflects lower earnings contributions  from  our  LPG  businesses  which  were  significantly  impacted  by  the  effects  of  commodity  price  volatility  on current-period margins and related volumes and the absence of a Fiscal 2021 tax benefit under the CARES Act. These factors were largely offset by higher earnings from our Utilities and Midstream &amp; Marketing segments, which include contributions attributable to recent acquisitions.

AmeriGas Propane's adjusted  net  income  attributable  to  UGI  Corporation  decreased  $56  million  during  Fiscal  2022.    This decrease largely reflects lower retail propane margin primarily attributable to lower retail volumes sold and higher operating and administrative expenses largely attributable to inflationary pressures.  These factors were partially offset by higher nonpropane margin and gains on asset sales.

UGI International's adjusted net income attributable to UGI Corporation decreased $46 million during Fiscal 2022 principally reflecting lower total margin largely attributable to the effects of commodity price volatility on our energy marketing business and the net effect of weaker foreign currencies compared to the prior year.  These factors were partially offset by higher gains on asset sales.

Midstream  &amp;  Marketing  adjusted  net  income  in  Fiscal  2022  was  $56  million  higher  than  the  prior  year.  This  increase principally  reflects  higher  margins  related  to  natural  gas  marketing  activities,  higher  total  earnings  from  renewable  energy marketing activities, and incremental contributions from UGI Moraine East.

Utilities Fiscal 2022 adjusted net income increased $62 million compared to the prior year.  The increase was largely related to the full-year impact of earnings attributable to the Mountaineer Acquisition, an increase in DSIC rates and higher margin from large delivery including the effects of customer growth at UGI Utilities also contributed to the earnings improvement during the current year.

| AmeriGas Propane  2022  2021  Increase (Decrease)  (Dollars in millions)  Revenues  $  2,943  $  2,614  $  329  13 %  Total margin (a)  $  1,330  $  1,397  $  (67)  (5)  %  Operating and administrative expenses  $  889  $  869  $  20  2 %  Operating income / earnings before interest expense and  income taxes  $  307  $  385  $  (78)  (20)  %  Retail gallons sold (millions)  888  968  (80)  (8)  %  Degree days - % warmer than normal (b)  (0.8)  %  (2.8)  %  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Total margin represents revenues less cost of sales.

(b) Deviation from average heating degree days is determined on a rolling 10-year period utilizing volume-weighted weather data based on weather statistics provided by NOAA for 344 regions in the United States, excluding Alaska and Hawaii.

## Table of Contents

Average temperatures during  Fiscal  2022  were  0.8%  warmer  than  normal  and  1.8%  colder  than  the  prior  year.  Total  retail gallons sold decreased 8% during Fiscal 2022 principally reflecting the continuing impact of customer service challenges that occurred in Fiscal 2021, staffing shortages in key delivery related positions, increased price sensitivity in the higher commodity cost environment and the absence of the beneficial prior-year impact of COVID-19 on cylinder exchange and resale volumes.

Total  revenues  increased  $329  million  during  Fiscal  2022  largely  reflecting  higher  average  propane  selling  prices  ($468 million)  and,  to  much  lesser  extent,  higher  wholesale  volumes  ($29  million).    These  increases  were  partially  offset  by  the effects  of  the  lower  retail  propane  volumes  sold  ($182  million).  Average  daily  wholesale  propane  commodity  prices  during Fiscal 2022 at Mont Belvieu, Texas, one of the major supply points in the U.S., were approximately 39% higher than such prices  during  Fiscal  2021.  Total  cost  of  sales  increased  $396  million  during  Fiscal  2022  largely  attributable  to  the  higher average propane product costs ($448 million) and, to a much lesser extent, the higher wholesale propane volumes ($27 million). These increases were partially offset by the effects of the lower retail propane volumes sold ($82 million).

AmeriGas Propane total margin decreased $67 million in Fiscal 2022 largely attributable to the lower retail propane volumes sold ($100 million) compared to the prior year.  This decrease was partially offset by higher average retail propane margin ($28 million) and increased non-propane margin ($11 million) largely attributable to higher fuel recovery and tank rental fees.

Operating income and earnings before interest expense and income taxes decreased $78 million during Fiscal 2022 primarily attributable  to  the  previously  mentioned  decrease  in  total  margin  and  higher  operating  and  administrative  expenses  ($20 million).  Operating income and earnings before interest expense and income taxes in Fiscal 2022 also includes an increase in other income largely related to gains on asset sales.  The increase in operating and administrative expenses in Fiscal 2022 was impacted by the inflationary cost environment and includes, among other things, higher bad debt expense ($13 million), vehicle fuel ($13 million), general insurance and claims expense ($11 million), and telecommunications expenses ($10 million).  These increases  were  partially  offset  by  lower  expenses  associated  with  employee  compensation  and  benefits  ($22  million), advertising ($8 million) and vehicle leases ($5 million).

| UGI International  2022  2021  Increase (Decrease)  (Dollars in millions)  Revenues  $  3,686  $  2,651  $  1,035  39 %  Total margin (a)  $  935  $  1,053  $  (118)  (11)  %  Operating and administrative expenses  $  611  $  622  $  (11)  (2)  %  Operating income  $  237  $  314  $  (77)  (25)  %  Earnings before interest expense and income taxes  $  254  $  317  $  (63)  (20)  %  LPG retail gallons sold (millions)  799  792  7  1 %  Degree days - % (warmer) colder than normal (b)  (2.6)  %  0.4 %  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Total margin represents total revenues less total cost of sales.

(b) Deviation from average heating degree days is determined on a rolling 10-year period utilizing volume-weighted weather data at locations in our UGI International service territories.

Average temperatures during Fiscal 2022 were 2.6% warmer than normal and 5.0% warmer than Fiscal 2021. Total LPG retail gallons sold during Fiscal 2022 increased slightly compared to Fiscal 2021 largely attributable to the recovery of certain bulk volumes that were negatively impacted by COVID-19 in Fiscal 2021 and favorable crop drying campaigns, partially offset by warmer weather.

UGI  International  base-currency  results  are  translated  into  U.S.  dollars  based  upon  exchange  rates  experienced  during  the reporting periods.  The functional currency of a significant portion of our UGI International results is the euro and, to a much lesser extent, the British pound sterling. During Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, the average unweighted euro-to-dollar translation rates were approximately $1.08 and $1.20, respectively, and the average unweighted British pound sterling-to-dollar translation rates  were  approximately  $1.28  and  $1.37,  respectively.    Fluctuations  in  these  foreign  currency  exchange  rates  can  have  a significant impact on the individual financial statement components discussed below.  The impact of such changes on earnings, however,  is  mitigated  by  the  effects  of  forward  foreign  currency  exchange  contracts  entered  into  over  a  multi-year  period intended to reduce volatility in U.S. dollar amounts resulting from changes in exchange rates.  These forward foreign currency exchange contracts resulted in realized net gains of $13 million and $1 million, respectively, in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021.

UGI International revenues and cost of sales increased $1,035 million and $1,153 million, respectively, during Fiscal 2022. Average wholesale prices for propane and butane during Fiscal 2022 in northwest Europe were approximately 53% and 70%

## Table of Contents

higher, respectively, compared to Fiscal 2021.  The increase in revenues and cost of sales principally reflects the impact on our energy marketing business from significant increases and volatility in natural gas and electricity prices and the effects of the previously mentioned higher average propane and butane selling prices and product costs on our LPG business compared to the prior  year.      These  increases  were  partially  offset  by  the  translation  effects  of  weaker  foreign  currencies  as  reflected  in  the previously mentioned average exchange rates.

UGI International  total  margin  decreased  $118  million  during  Fiscal  2022  primarily  reflecting  lower  total  margin  from  our energy  marketing  business  (approximately  $53  million)  and  the  translation  effects  of  the  weaker  foreign  currencies.  These factors were partially offset by higher total margin from our LPG business attributable to strong margin management efforts despite  the  effects  of  the  previously  mentioned  higher  product  costs.  The  lower  total  margin  from  our  energy  marketing business  is  largely  due  to  the  impact  of  significant  volatility  in  commodity  costs  and  its  effects  on  unit  margins  of  certain customer contracts which were largely confined to the heating-season months of October through March during Fiscal 2022.

UGI International  operating  income  and  earnings  before  interest  expense  and  income  taxes  decreased  $77  million  and  $63 million,  respectively,  during  Fiscal  2022.  The  decrease  in  operating  income  principally  reflects  the  decrease  in  total  margin partially offset by lower depreciation and amortization ($18 million), lower operating and administrative expenses ($11 million) and higher gains associated with the sale of assets compared to Fiscal 2021.  The decrease in depreciation and amortization principally reflects the effects of currency translation. The net decrease in operating and administrative expenses compared to the prior year was driven by the translation effects of the weaker foreign currencies largely offset by the effects of inflation on the  underlying distribution,  personnel and maintenance costs.  The decrease in earnings before interest expense and income taxes  in  Fiscal  2022  largely  reflects  the  decrease  in  operating  income  partially  offset  by  higher  realized  gains  on  foreign currency exchange contracts ($12 million) entered into in order to reduce volatility in UGI International earnings resulting from the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

| Midstream &amp; Marketing  2022  2021  Increase  (Dollars in millions)  Revenues  $  2,326  $  1,406  $  920  65 %  Total margin (a)  $  450  $  373  $  77  21 %  Operating and administrative expenses  $  129  $  129  $  -  - %  Operating income  $  246  $  160  $  86  54 %  Earnings before interest expense and income taxes  $  269  $  190  $  79  42 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Total margin represents total revenues less total cost of sales.

Average temperatures across Midstream &amp; Marketing's energy marketing territory during Fiscal 2022 were 8.1% warmer than normal and 4.3% warmer than the prior year.

Midstream &amp; Marketing's revenues increased $920 million compared to the prior year principally reflecting increased revenues from  natural  gas  marketing  activities  ($845  million),  including  the  effects  of  peaking  and  capacity  management  activities, which were impacted by significantly higher average natural gas prices compared to the prior year.  This increase in revenues was partially offset by lower volumes attributable to the warmer weather.  Higher revenues associated with retail power and generation ($45 million) and natural gas gathering activities ($27 million) also contributed to the increase.

Midstream &amp; Marketing cost of sales was $1,876 million in Fiscal 2022 compared to $1,033 million in Fiscal 2021.  The $843 million increase principally reflects higher cost of sales related to the previously mentioned natural gas marketing activities ($807  million)  which  include  the  effects  of  significantly  higher  product  costs  in  Fiscal  2022  partially  offset  by  the  lower volumes sold.  Higher cost of sales associated with retail power and generation ($40 million) also contributed to the increase.

Midstream &amp; Marketing total margin increased $77 million in Fiscal 2022 largely reflecting improved margin from natural gas marketing activities ($38 million), including the effects of peaking and capacity management activities, and reflects the positive impact of settlement timing of certain multi-year commodity storage hedge contracts during Fiscal 2022.  The increase in total margin also includes incremental margin attributable to UGI Moraine East ($15 million), higher total margin from renewable energy  marketing  activities  ($9  million)  including  the  impact  of  increased  average  pricing  related  to  environmental  credits compared to Fiscal 2021, and higher retail power and generation margin ($5 million).

Midstream &amp; Marketing operating income and earnings before interest expense and income taxes during Fiscal 2022 increased $86 million and $79 million, respectively, compared to the prior year. The increase in operating income principally reflects the

## Table of Contents

increase in total margin and the absence of a contingent consideration adjustment related to the GHI acquisition in the prior year partially  offset  by  higher  depreciation  and  amortization  expense  largely  attributable  to  UGI  Moraine  East.    The  increase  in earnings  before  interest  expense  and  income  taxes  reflects  the  improvement  in  operating  income  partially  offset  by  lower income from equity-method investments.

| Utilities  2022  2021  Increase (Decrease)  (Dollars in millions)  Revenues  $  1,620  $  1,079  $  541  50 %  Total margin (a)  $  801  $  616  $  185  30 %  Operating and administrative expenses (a)  $  332  $  254  $  78  31 %  Operating income  $  327  $  241  $  86  36 %  Earnings before interest expense and income taxes  $  336  $  242  $  94  39 %  Gas Utility system throughput - bcf  Core market  100  77  23  30 %  Total  363  311  52  17 %  Electric Utility distribution sales - gwh  997  998  (1)  - %  Natural gas degree days - % warmer than normal (b)  (7.5)  %  (6.5)  %  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Total margin represents total revenues less total cost of sales and revenue-related taxes (i.e. Electric Utility gross receipts and business and occupation taxes) of $21 million and $5 million, respectively, during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021. For financial  statement  purposes,  revenue-related  taxes  are  included  in  'Operating  and  administrative  expenses'  on  the Consolidated Statements of Income (but are excluded from operating expenses presented above).

(b) Deviation from average heating degree days is determined on a 10-year period utilizing volume-weighted weather data based on weather statistics provided by NOAA for airports located within Utilities natural gas service territory.

Temperatures in Utilities' natural gas service territory during Fiscal 2022 were 7.5% warmer than normal and slightly warmer than  the  prior  year.  Utilities'  core  market  and  total  natural  gas  system  volumes  increased  (23  bcf  and  52  bcf,  respectively) during Fiscal 2022 largely related to incremental volumes attributable to Mountaineer.

Utilities revenues increased $541 million in Fiscal 2022 reflecting a $505 million increase in natural gas revenues and a $36 million increase in Electric Utility  revenues.    The  increase  in  natural  gas  revenues  principally  reflects  incremental  revenues attributable to Mountaineer ($249 million), higher PGC rates reflecting higher natural gas costs, higher pricing on off-system sales, increased DSIC rates, and the full-year impact of the increase in base rates that went into effect during Fiscal 2021.  The increase in Electric Utility revenues during Fiscal 2022 reflects higher DS rates compared to the prior year and the increase in base rates that went into effect in November 2021.

Utilities cost of sales (including revenue-related taxes) was $819 million in Fiscal 2022 compared with $463 million in Fiscal 2021.  Natural gas cost of sales increased during Fiscal 2022 ($326 million) largely attributable to incremental cost of sales attributable to Mountaineer ($126 million), higher PGC rates compared to the prior year, and increased cost of sales associated with off-system sales. Electric Utility cost of sales increased during Fiscal 2022 ($30 million) primarily related to the higher DS rates compared to the prior year.

Utilities total margin increased $185 million during Fiscal 2022 primarily related to higher natural gas margin ($179 million) compared to Fiscal 2021 largely reflecting incremental margin attributable to Mountaineer ($123 million).  The increase in total natural  gas  margin  also  includes  higher  margin  attributable  to  the  increased  DSIC  rates,  higher  margin  from  large  delivery service customers including the effects of customer growth compared to the prior year, and the previously mentioned full-year impact of the increase in base rates.  Electric Utility margin increased $6 million largely attributable to the increase in base rates compared to the prior year.

Utilities operating income and earnings before interest expense and income taxes during Fiscal 2022 increased $86 million and $94  million,  respectively,  compared  to  the  prior  year.    The  increase  in  operating  income  largely  reflects  the  previously mentioned  increase  in  total  margin,  partially  offset  by  higher  operating  and  administrative  expenses  ($78  million)  and depreciation expense ($25 million) compared to the prior year, both principally related to incremental expenses attributable to Mountaineer.  The higher depreciation expense compared to the prior year also includes the effects of continued distribution system capital expenditure activity.  The increase in earnings before interest expense and income taxes principally reflects the increase in operating income and higher pension non-service income compared to the prior year.

## Table of Contents

## Interest Expense and Income Taxes

Our consolidated interest expense during Fiscal 2022 was $329 million compared to $310 million during the prior year.  The increase in interest expense principally reflects the effects of incremental long-term debt outstanding during the current period, net of repayments, primarily related to the Mountaineer Acquisition and UGI Utilities' issuance of senior notes during Fiscal 2022 and the second half of Fiscal 2021.  Higher average short-term borrowings outstanding compared to the prior year also contributed to the increase in interest expense.

Our effective income tax rate decreased between Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022 due primarily to the benefit of the impact on net deferred tax liabilities of the reduction in the Pennsylvania statutory income tax rate. This benefit exceeded the prior year net benefits attributable to the CARES Act and the election made under a tax law change in Italy which allowed us to step up its tax basis on certain assets in exchange for paying a three percent substitute tax, partially offset by the establishment of a valuation allowance on the PennEast impairment. For additional information on our income taxes, including tax law changes, see Note 7 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Financial Condition and Liquidity

The Company expects to have sufficient  liquidity  including  cash  on  hand  and  available  borrowing  capacity,  to  continue  to support long-term commitments and ongoing operations despite uncertainties associated with ongoing global macroeconomic conditions including, among others, changes in consumer behavior resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the inflationary cost environment and ongoing energy commodity price volatility. Our total available liquidity balance, comprising cash and cash  equivalents  and  available  borrowing  capacity  on  our  revolving  credit  facilities,  totaled  approximately  $1.7  billion  and $2.2 billion at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our total available liquidity at September 30, 2022 was affected, in part, by $398 million of cash collateral received from derivative counterparties resulting from the impact of rising commodity prices and an accumulation of derivative assets associated with our commodity derivative instruments. The Company does not have any near-term senior note or term loan maturities. The Company cannot predict the duration or total magnitude of the uncertain  economic  factors  mentioned  above  and  the  total  effects  they  will  have  on  its  liquidity,  debt  covenants,  financial condition  or  the  timing  of  capital  expenditures.  UGI  and  its  subsidiaries  were  in  compliance  with  all  debt  covenants  as  of September 30, 2022.

We  depend  on  both  internal  and  external  sources  of  liquidity  to  provide  funds  for  working  capital  and  to  fund  capital requirements. Our short-term cash requirements not met by cash from operations are generally satisfied with borrowings under credit facilities and, in the case of Midstream &amp; Marketing, also from a Receivables Facility. Long-term cash requirements are generally  met  through  the  issuance  of  long-term  debt  or  equity  securities.  We  believe  that  each  of  our  business  units  has sufficient liquidity in the forms of cash and cash equivalents on hand; cash expected to be generated from operations; credit facility  and  Receivables  Facility  borrowing  capacity;  and  the  ability  to  obtain  long-term  financing  to  meet  anticipated contractual and projected cash commitments. Issuances of debt and equity securities in the capital markets and additional credit facilities may not, however, be available to us on acceptable terms.

The  primary  sources  of  UGI's  cash  and  cash  equivalents  are  the  dividends  and  other  cash  payments  made  to  UGI  or  its corporate subsidiaries by its principal business units. Our cash and cash equivalents totaled $405 million at September 30, 2022, compared  with  $855  million  at  September  30,  2021.  Our  cash  and  cash  equivalents  at  September  30,  2022  reflects  the previously  mentioned  cash  collateral  deposits  received  from  our  derivative  instrument  counterparties.  This  is  attributable  to significant  mark-to-market  gains  on  our  commodity  derivative  instruments  resulting  from  the  steep  rise  and  volatility  in commodity prices during Fiscal 2022 and 2021. This cash could be returned to such counterparties as commodity prices and their impact on our commodity derivative instruments stabilizes or reverses. Excluding these collateral deposits received and cash  and  cash  equivalents  that  reside  at  UGI's  operating  subsidiaries,  at  September  30,  2022  and  2021,  our  cash  and  cash equivalents totaled $140 million and $172 million, respectively. Such cash is available to pay dividends on UGI Common Stock and for investment purposes.

## Table of Contents

During Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our principal business units paid cash dividends and made other cash payments to UGI and its subsidiaries as follows:

| (Millions of dollars)  2022  2021  AmeriGas Propane  $  227  $  135  UGI International  116  212  Midstream &amp; Marketing  -  25  Utilities  -  35  Total  $  343  $  407   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Common and Preferred Stock

## Issuance of Equity Units

On May 25, 2021, the Company issued 2.2 million Equity Units with a total notional value of $220 million. Each Equity Unit has a stated amount of $100 and consists of (1) a 10% undivided beneficial ownership interest in one share of Convertible Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share and (2) a 2024 Purchase Contract. The Company received approximately $213 million in proceeds from the issuance of the Equity Units, net of offering expenses and underwriting costs and commissions, and issued 220,000 shares of Convertible Preferred Stock, recording $213 million in 'Preferred stock' on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. The proceeds were used to pay a portion of the purchase price for the Mountaineer Acquisition and related fees and expenses, and for general corporate purposes. For additional information on the Mountaineer Acquisition and the issuance of Equity Units, see Notes 5 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Dividends

Quarterly dividends per share of UGI Common Stock paid during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 were as follows:

| 2022  2021  1  st  Quarter  $  0.345  $  0.330  2  nd  Quarter  0.345  0.330  3  rd  Quarter  0.360  0.345  4  th  Quarter  0.360  0.345  Total  $  1.410  $  1.350   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On November 17, 2022, UGI's Board of Directors declared a cash dividend equal to $0.360 per common share. The dividend will be payable on January 1, 2023, to shareholders of record on December 15, 2022.

## Repurchases of Common Stock

During Fiscal 2022, the Company repurchased 900,000 shares at a total purchase price of $38 million. There were no such repurchases  during  Fiscal  2021.  For  additional  information  on  the  authorization  of  these  repurchases,  see  Note  13  to  the Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Long-term Debt and Credit Facilities

The Company's debt outstanding at September 30, 2022 and 2021, comprised the following:

| 2022  2021  (Millions of dollars)  AmeriGas  Propane  UGI  International  Midstream  &amp; Marketing  Utilities  Corp. &amp;  Other  Total  Total  Short-term borrowings  $  131  $  1  $  -  $  236  $  -  $  368  $  367  Long-term debt (including current  maturities):  Senior notes  $  2,575  $  392  $  -  $  1,505  $  -  $  4,472  $  4,270  Term loans  -  294  677  135  765  1,871  1,938  Other long-term debt  -  2  40  22  258  322  283  Unamortized debt issuance costs  (12)  (6)  (7)  (6)  (2)  (33)  (42)  Total long-term debt  $  2,563  $  682  $  710  $  1,656  $  1,021  $  6,632  $  6,449  Total debt  $  2,694  $  683  $  710  $  1,892  $  1,021  $  7,000  $  6,816   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Significant Financing Activities

Mountaineer Credit Agreement. On October 20, 2022, Mountaineer entered into the Mountaineer 2023 Credit Agreement, as borrower, with a group of lenders. The Mountaineer 2023 Credit Agreement amends and restates a previous credit agreement and provides for borrowings up to $150 million, including a $20 million sublimit for letters of credit. Mountaineer may request an increase in the amount of loan commitments to a maximum aggregate amount of $250 million, subject to certain terms and conditions. Borrowings under the Mountaineer 2023 Credit Agreement can be used to finance the working capital needs of Mountaineer and for general corporate purposes. The Mountaineer 2023 Credit Agreement is scheduled to expire in November 2024, with an option to extend the maturity date.

AmeriGas Propane. On September 28, 2022, AmeriGas Propane entered into the 2022 AmeriGas OLP Credit Agreement, as borrower,  with  a  group  of  lenders.  In  connection  with  the  entering  into  of  the  2022  AmeriGas  OLP  Credit  Agreement,  the borrower  paid  off  in  full  and  terminated  the  existing  AmeriGas  OLP  Credit  Agreement.  The  2022  AmeriGas  OLP  Credit Agreement  provides  for  borrowings  up  to  $600  million,  including  a  $100  million  sublimit  for  letters  of  credit.  AmeriGas Propane may request an increase in the amount of loan commitments under the 2022 AmeriGas OLP Credit Agreement to a maximum aggregate amount of $900 million, subject to certain terms and conditions. Borrowings under the 2022 AmeriGas OLP  Credit  Agreement  can  be  used  to  fund  acquisitions  and  investments  and  for  general  corporate  purposes.  The  2022 AmeriGas OLP Credit Agreement is scheduled to expire in September 2026.

UGI Utilities. On July 12, 2022, UGI Utilities amended the Utilities Term Loan. The amendment extended the maturity date of the loan from October 2022 to July 2027, among other things. The current amount outstanding under the Utilities Term Loan remains  unchanged  and  is  payable  in  quarterly  installments  of  $2  million,  with  the  balance  of  the  principal  being  due  and payable  in  full  at  maturity.  We  have  entered  into  an  interest  rate  swap  that  will  generally  fix  the  underlying  market-based interest rate on this variable-rate loan through June 2026.

On June 30, 2022, UGI Utilities entered into a note purchase agreement which provides for the private placement of (1) $90 million aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes due July 15, 2032 and (2) $85 million aggregate principal amount of 4.99% Senior Notes due September 15, 2052. On July 15, 2022, UGI Utilities issued $90 million aggregate principal amount of 4.75%  Senior  Notes  pursuant  to  the  note  purchase  agreement.  On  September  15,  2022,  UGI  Utilities  issued  $85  million aggregate principal amount of 4.99% Senior Notes pursuant to the note purchase agreement. The net proceeds from the issuance of  the  4.75%  Senior  Notes  and  4.99%  Senior  Notes  were  used  to  reduce  short-term  borrowings  and  for  general  corporate purposes.

Mountaineer. On June 30, 2022, Mountaineer entered into a note purchase agreement which provides for the private placement of  $40  million  aggregate  principal  amount  of  4.49%  Senior  Notes  due  August 16, 2052. On August 16, 2022, Mountaineer issued  $40  million  aggregate  principal  amount  of  4.49%  Senior  Notes  pursuant  to  the  note  purchase  agreement.  The  net proceeds from the issuance of the 4.49% Senior Notes were used to reduce short-term borrowings and for general corporate purposes .

## Table of Contents

UGI International. On December 7, 2021, UGI International, LLC issued, in an underwritten private placement, €400 million principal amount of the UGI International 2.50% Senior Notes due December 1, 2029. The UGI International 2.50% Senior Notes rank equal in right of payment with indebtedness issued under the UGI International Credit Facilities Agreement. The net proceeds from the UGI International 2.50% Senior Notes were used (1) to repay all of the UGI International 3.25% Senior Notes due November 1, 2025 and associated fees and expenses and (2) for general corporate purposes.

## Credit Facilities

Information  about  the  Company's  principal  credit  agreements  (excluding  Energy  Services'  Receivables  Facility,  which  is discussed below) as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, is presented in the tables below.

| September 30, 2022  AmeriGas OLP  September 2026  $  600  $  131  $  2  $  467  7.27 %  UGI International, LLC (a)  October 2023  €  300  €  -  €  -  €  300  N.A.  Energy Services  March 2025  $  260  $  -  $  -  $  260  N.A.  UGI Utilities  June 2024  $  350  $  151  $  -  $  199  4.37 %  Mountaineer  November 2024  $  100  $  85  $  -  $  15  3.82 %  UGI Corporation (b)  August 2024  $  300  $  252  $  -  $  48  5.62 %  September 30, 2021  AmeriGas OLP  December 2022  $  600  $  170  $  60  $  370  2.58 %  UGI International, LLC (a)  October 2023  €  300  €  -  €  -  €  300  N.A.  Energy Services  March 2025  $  260  $  -  $  -  $  260  N.A.  UGI Utilities  June 2024  $  350  $  130  $  -  $  220  1.35 %  Mountaineer  November 2024  $  100  $  67  $  -  $  33  N.M.  UGI Corporation (b)  August 2024  $  300  $  185  $  -  $  115  3.27 %  (Currency in millions)  Expiration Date  Total  Capacity  Borrowings  Outstanding  Letters of  Credit and  Guarantees  Outstanding  Available  Borrowing  Capacity  Weighted  Average  Interest Rate  - End of Year   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Permits UGI International, LLC to borrow in euros or USD.

(b) Borrowings  outstanding  have  been  classified  as  'Long-term  debt'  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets.  Subsequent  to September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company repaid $87 million and $70 million, respectively, of such borrowings and classified these repayments as 'Current maturities of long-term debt' on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

N.A. - Not applicable

N.M. - Not meaningful

The average daily and peak short-term borrowings under the Company's principal credit agreements are as follows:

| 2022  2021  (Currency in millions)  Average  Peak  Average  Peak  AmeriGas OLP  $  181  $  388  $  168  $  293  UGI International, LLC  €  77  €  250  €  -  €  -  Energy Services  $  -  $  -  $  3  $  32  UGI Utilities  $  163  $  270  $  186  $  279  Mountaineer  $  53  $  85  $  58  $  67  UGI Corporation  $  191  $  288  $  191  $  300   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Receivables Facility. Energy Services also has a Receivables Facility with an issuer of receivables-backed commercial paper. On  October  21,  2022,  the  expiration  date  of  the  Receivables  Facility  was  extended  to  October  20,  2023.  The  Receivables Facility  provides  Energy  Services  with  the  ability  to  borrow  up  to  $150  million  of  eligible  receivables  during  the  period October 21, 2022 through April 30, 2023, and up to $75 million of eligible receivables during the period May 1, 2023 through October 20, 2023. Energy Services uses the Receivables Facility to fund working capital, margin calls under commodity futures contracts, capital expenditures, dividends and for general corporate purposes.

## Table of Contents

At September 30, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance of trade receivables was $101 million and $61 million, respectively, none of which was sold to the bank. During Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, peak sales of receivables were $98 million and $87 million,  respectively.  During  Fiscal  2022  and  Fiscal  2021,  average  daily  amounts  sold  were  $2  million  and  $21  million, respectively.

For further information on the Company's long-term debt and credit facilities, see Note 6 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Cash Flows

Due to the seasonal nature of the Company's businesses, cash flows from operating activities are generally strongest during the second and third fiscal quarters when customers pay for natural gas, LPG, electricity and other energy products and services consumed during the peak heating season months. Conversely, operating cash flows are generally at their lowest levels during the  fourth  and  first  fiscal  quarters  when  the  Company's  investment  in  working  capital,  principally  inventories  and  accounts receivable, is generally greatest.

## Operating Activities:

Year-to-year  variations  in  our  cash  flows  from  operating  activities  can  be  significantly  affected  by  changes  in  operating working capital, especially during periods with significant changes in energy commodity prices. Cash flows from operating activities  in  Fiscal  2022  and  Fiscal  2021  were  $716  million  and  $1,481  million,  respectively.  Cash  flows  from  operating activities before changes in operating working capital were $1,269 million in Fiscal 2022 and $1,200 million in Fiscal 2021. Changes in operating working capital provided (used) operating cash flow of $(553) million in Fiscal 2022 and $281 million in Fiscal  2021.  The  significant  increase  in  cash  used  from  changes  in  operating  working  capital  principally  reflects  derivative instruments collateral repayments of $9 million in Fiscal 2022 compared to collateral received of $472 million in Fiscal 2021 reflecting the volatility in energy commodity prices and the timing of associated collateral receipts and payments; lower cash generated from changes in accounts payable due in part to the timing of payments and the impacts of changes in commodity energy prices; and an increase in accounts receivable principally reflecting the effects of higher energy prices on receivable balances.

## Investing Activities:

Investing  activity  cash  flow  is  principally  affected  by  cash  expenditures  for  property,  plant  and  equipment;  cash  paid  for acquisitions of businesses and assets; investments in equity method investees; and cash proceeds from sales and retirements of property, plant and equipment. Cash expenditures for property, plant and equipment totaled $804 million in Fiscal 2022 and $690 million in Fiscal 2021. Cash payments for property, plant and equipment were higher in Fiscal 2022 compared with Fiscal 2021 reflecting, in part, higher capital expenditures at Utilities including the full-year impact of Mountaineer. Cash used for acquisitions of businesses and assets in Fiscal 2022 includes the Stonehenge Acquisition and the Pennant Acquisition in which the Company acquired the 53% interest in Pennant it did not already own. Cash used for acquisitions of businesses and assets in Fiscal 2021 reflects UGI's acquisition of Mountaineer. Cash used for investments in equity method investees was $47 million in  Fiscal  2022  including  investments  in  biomass  and  renewable  energy  projects  at  our  Midstream  &amp;  Marketing  reportable segment and an investment in a renewable energy joint venture at UGI International.  Cash inflows associated with investing activities during Fiscal 2022 includes cash received from the settlement of certain forward foreign currency contracts previously designated as net investment hedges.  Fiscal 2021 includes cash contributions to Pine Run to fund the acquisition of Pine Run Midstream, LLC.

## Financing Activities:

Changes in cash flow from financing activities are primarily due to issuances and repayments of long-term debt; short-term borrowings; dividends on UGI Common Stock; and issuances or repurchases of equity instruments.

Cash flow used by financing activities was $51 million in Fiscal 2022 compared to cash flow provided by financing activities of $166 million in Fiscal 2021. During Fiscal 2022, UGI International issued €400 million principal amount of senior notes and Utilities issued a combined $215 million principal amount of senior notes. Proceeds from the UGI International senior notes were principally used to reduce existing long-term debt while proceeds from the Utilities borrowings were used to reduce shortterm  borrowings  and  for  general  corporate  purposes.  During  Fiscal  2021,  the  Company  received  $213  million  in  net  cash proceeds from the issuance of Equity Units and $215 million from the issuance of a new variable rate term loan due in May 2025. These funds were used partially to fund the Mountaineer Acquisition. During Fiscal 2021, Utilities issued $175 million of senior notes. In Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, the Company had net borrowings and (repayments) on credit facilities and the Receivables  Facility  of  $1  million  and  $(35)  million,  respectively.  Fiscal  2022  cash  flow  used  by  financing  activities  also includes $38 million of cash paid to repurchase Common Stock.

## Table of Contents

## Capital Expenditures

In the following table, we present capital expenditures (which exclude acquisitions of businesses and assets) for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021. We also provide amounts we expect to spend in Fiscal 2023. We expect to finance a substantial portion of our Fiscal 2023 capital expenditures from cash generated by operations and cash on hand.

| (Millions of dollars)  2023  (estimate)  2022  2021  AmeriGas Propane  $  130  $  128  $  130  UGI International  140  107  107  Midstream &amp; Marketing  170  38  43  Utilities  580  562  394  Corporate &amp; Other  20  -  -  Total  $  1,040  $  835  $  674   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  increase  in  capital  expenditures  at  Utilities  during  Fiscal  2022  reflects  the  continued  execution  on  its  infrastructure replacement  and  system  betterment  program  as  well  as  the  full  year  impact  of  Mountaineer.  Increased  levels  of  capital expenditures estimated in Fiscal 2023 reflect natural gas infrastructure expansion and investments in renewable energy projects at  Midstream  &amp;  Marketing  and  UGI  International;  replacement  and  betterment  projects  at  UGI  Utilities;  and  expansion  of Mountaineer's capital expenditure programs.

## Contractual Cash Obligations and Commitments

The Company has contractual cash obligations that extend beyond Fiscal 2022. The following table presents contractual cash obligations with non-affiliates under agreements existing as of September 30, 2022:

| Payments Due by Period  (Millions of dollars)  Total  Fiscal  2023  Fiscal  2024 - 2025  Fiscal  2026 - 2027  Thereafter  Short-term borrowings (a)  $  368  $  368  $  -  $  -  $  -  Long-term debt (a)  6,665  149  2,587  2,207  1,722  Interest on long-term fixed-rate debt (a)(b)(c)  1,971  302  489  258  922  Operating leases  417  93  145  93  86  AmeriGas Propane supply contracts  13  13  -  -  -  UGI International supply contracts  238  238  -  -  -  Midstream &amp; Marketing supply contracts  1,670  576  391  155  548  Utilities construction, supply, storage and  transportation contracts  683  197  231  152  103  Derivative instruments (d)  213  150    150  62  1  -  Total  $  12,238  $  2,086  $  3,905  $  2,866  $  3,381   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Based upon stated maturity dates for debt outstanding at September 30, 2022.

(b) Based upon stated interest rates adjusted for the effects of interest rate swaps.

(c) Calculated using applicable interest rates or forward interest rate curves, and UGI's and its subsidiaries' leverage ratios, as of September 30, 2022.

(d) Represents the sum of amounts due if derivative instrument liabilities  were  settled  at  the  September  30,  2022  amounts reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheet (but excluding amounts associated with interest rate contracts).

'Other  noncurrent  liabilities'  included  in  our  Consolidated  Balance  Sheet  at  September  30,  2022,  principally  comprise operating lease liabilities (see Note 16 to Consolidated Financial Statements); regulatory liabilities (see Note 9 to Consolidated Financial  Statements);  refundable  tank  and  cylinder  deposits  (as  further  described  in  Note  2  to  Consolidated  Financial Statements  under  the  caption  'Refundable  Tank  and  Cylinder  Deposits');  litigation,  property  and  casualty  liabilities  and obligations under environmental remediation agreements (see Note 17 to Consolidated Financial Statements); pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities recorded in accordance with accounting guidance relating to employee retirement plans (see Note 8 to Consolidated Financial Statements);  and  liabilities  associated  with  executive  compensation  plans  (see  Note  14  to Consolidated Financial Statements). These liabilities, with the exception of operating lease liabilities, are not included in the

## Table of Contents

table of Contractual Cash Obligations and Commitments because they are estimates of future payments and not contractually fixed as to timing or amount. Required minimum contributions to the U.S. Pension Plans (as further described below under 'U.S. Pension Plans') in Fiscal 2023 are not expected to be material. Required minimum contributions to the U.S. Pension Plans in years beyond Fiscal 2023 will depend, in large part, on the impacts of future returns on pension plan assets and interest rates on pension plan liabilities.

## U.S. Pension Plans

The U.S. Pension Plans consist of (1) a defined benefit pension plan for employees hired prior to January 1, 2009, of UGI, UGI Utilities,  and  certain  of  UGI's  other  domestic  wholly  owned  subsidiaries,  and  (2)  a  defined  benefit  pension  plan  for substantially  all  Mountaineer  employees.  The  fair  values  of  the  U.S.  Pension  Plans'  assets  totaled  $525  million  and  $717 million at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, the underfunded positions of the U.S. Pension  Plans,  defined  as  the  excess  of  the  PBO  over  the  U.S.  Pension  Plans'  assets,  were  $82  million  and  $109  million, respectively.

We believe we are in compliance with regulations governing defined benefit pension plans, including the ERISA rules and regulations.  Required minimum contributions to the U.S. Pension Plans in Fiscal 2023 are not expected to be material. Pre-tax pension cost associated with the U.S. Pension Plans in Fiscal 2022 was not material. Pre-tax pension cost associated with the U.S. Pension Plans in Fiscal 2023 is not expected to be material.

GAAP guidance associated with pension and other postretirement plans generally requires recognition of an asset or liability in the statement of financial position reflecting the funded status of pension and other postretirement benefit plans with current year  changes  recognized  in  shareholders'  equity  unless  such  amounts  are  subject  to  regulatory  recovery.  At  September  30, 2022, we have recorded after-tax charges to UGI Corporation's stockholders' equity of $14 million and recorded regulatory assets totaling $114 million in order to reflect the funded status of the U.S. Pension Plans. For a more detailed discussion of the U.S. Pension Plans and our other postretirement benefit plans, see Note 8 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Related Party Transactions

During  Fiscal  2022  and  Fiscal  2021,  we  did  not  enter  into  any  related-party  transactions  that  had  a  material  effect  on  our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

## Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements

UGI primarily enters into guarantee arrangements on behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries. These arrangements are not subject to the recognition and measurement guidance relating to guarantees under GAAP.

We do not have any off-balance-sheet  arrangements  that  are  expected  to  have  a  material  effect  on  our  financial  condition, change in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.

## Utility Regulatory Matters

Base Rate Filings. On January 28, 2022, PA Gas Utility filed a request with the PAPUC to increase its base operating revenues for  residential,  commercial and industrial customers by $83 million annually. On September 15, 2022, the PAPUC issued a final order approving a settlement providing for a $49 million annual base distribution rate increase for PA Gas Utility, through a phased approach, with $38 million beginning October 29, 2022 and an additional $11 million beginning October 1, 2023. In accordance with the terms of the final order, PA Gas Utility will not be permitted to file a rate case prior to January 1, 2024. Also  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  final  order,  PA  Gas  Utility  is  authorized  to  implement  a  weather  normalization adjustment rider as a 5-year pilot program beginning on the effective date of the new rates. Under this rider, customer billings for distribution services will be adjusted monthly to reflect normal weather conditions if weather deviates more than 3% from normal. Additionally, under the terms of the final order, PA Gas Utility will be authorized to implement a DSIC once its total property,  plant  and  equipment  less  accumulated  depreciation  reaches  $3,368  million  (which  threshold  was  achieved  in September 2022).

On February 8, 2021, Electric Utility filed a rate request with the PAPUC to increase its annual base distribution revenues by $9 million. On October 28, 2021, the PAPUC issued a final order approving a settlement that permitted Electric Utility, effective November 9, 2021, to increase its base distribution revenues by $6 million.

On January 28, 2020, PA Gas Utility filed a request with the PAPUC to increase its annual base distribution operating revenues by $75 million annually. On October 8, 2020, the PAPUC issued a final Order approving a settlement that permitted PA Gas

## Table of Contents

Utility  to  increase  its  annual  base  distribution  rates  by  $20  million,  through  a  phased  approach,  with  $10  million  beginning January  1,  2021  and  an  additional  $10  million  beginning  July  1,  2021.  Additionally,  PA  Gas  Utility  was  authorized  to implement  a  DSIC  once  PA  Gas  Utility  total  property,  plant  and  equipment  less  accumulated  depreciation  reached  $2,875 million. This threshold was achieved in December 2020, and PA Gas Utility implemented a DSIC effective April 1, 2021.  The PAPUC's  final  order  also  included  enhanced  COVID-19  customer  assistance  measures,  including  the  establishment  of  an Emergency Relief Program for a defined set of payment troubled customers ('ERP').  Additionally, the PAPUC's final order permitted PA Gas Utility to establish a regulatory asset for certain incremental expenses attributable to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, most notably expenses related to the ERP and uncollectible accounts expense, through the effective date of rates in the next PA Gas Utility base rate case, to be recovered and amortized over a 10-year period. In accordance with the terms of the final order, PA Gas Utility was not permitted to file a rate case prior to January 1, 2022.

## Market Risk Disclosures

Our primary market risk exposures are (1) commodity price risk; (2) interest rate risk; and (3) foreign currency exchange rate risk. Although we use derivative financial and commodity instruments to reduce market price risk associated with forecasted transactions, we do not use derivative financial and commodity instruments for speculative or trading purposes.

## Commodity Price Risk

The  risk  associated  with  fluctuations  in  the  prices  the  Partnership  and  our  UGI  International  operations  pay  for  LPG  is principally a result of market forces reflecting changes in supply and demand for LPG and other energy commodities. Their profitability is sensitive to changes in LPG supply costs. Increases in supply costs are generally passed on to customers. The Partnership and UGI International may not, however, always be able to pass through product cost increases fully or on a timely basis, particularly when product costs rise rapidly. In order to reduce the volatility of LPG market price risk, the Partnership uses  contracts  for  the  forward  purchase  or  sale  of  propane,  propane  fixed-price  supply  agreements  and  over-the-counter derivative commodity instruments including price swap and option contracts. Our UGI International operations use over-thecounter derivative commodity instruments and may from time to time enter into other derivative contracts, similar to those used by  the  Partnership,  to  reduce  market  risk  associated  with  a  portion  of  their  LPG  purchases.  Over-the-counter  derivative commodity  instruments  used  to  economically  hedge  forecasted  purchases  of  LPG  are  generally  settled  at  expiration  of  the contract.

Utilities' tariffs contain clauses that permit recovery of all prudently incurred costs of natural gas it sells to its retail core-market customers, including the cost of financial instruments used to hedge purchased gas costs.  The recovery clauses provide for periodic adjustments for the difference between the total amounts actually billed to customers through PGC and PGA rates and the recoverable costs incurred.  Because of this ratemaking mechanism, there is limited commodity price risk associated with our Utilities operations. PA Gas Utility uses derivative financial instruments, including natural gas futures and option contracts traded on the NYMEX, to reduce volatility in the cost of gas it purchases for its retail core-market customers. The cost of these derivative financial instruments, net of any associated gains or losses, is included in PA Gas Utility's PGC recovery mechanism.

In  order  to  manage  market  price  risk  relating  to  substantially  all  of  Midstream  &amp;  Marketing's  fixed-price  sale  contracts  for physical natural gas and electricity, Midstream &amp; Marketing enters into NYMEX, ICE and over-the-counter natural gas and electricity  futures  and  option  contracts,  and  natural  gas  basis  swap  contracts  or  enters  into  fixed-price  supply  arrangements. Midstream &amp; Marketing also uses NYMEX and over-the-counter electricity futures contracts to economically hedge a portion of its  anticipated sales of electricity from its electricity generation facilities. Although Midstream &amp; Marketing's fixed-price supply arrangements mitigate most risks associated with its fixed-price sales contracts, should any of the suppliers under these arrangements fail to perform, increases, if any, in the cost of replacement natural gas or electricity would adversely impact Midstream  &amp;  Marketing's  results.  In  order  to  reduce  this  risk  of  supplier  nonperformance,  Midstream  &amp;  Marketing  has diversified its purchases across a number of suppliers. UGI International's natural gas and electricity marketing businesses also use natural gas and electricity futures and forward contracts to economically hedge market risk associated with a substantial portion of anticipated volumes under fixed-price sales and purchase contracts.

Midstream &amp; Marketing has entered into fixed-price sales agreements for a portion of the electricity expected to be generated by its  electric  generation  assets.  In  the  event  that  these  generation  assets  would  not  be  able  to  produce  all  of  the  electricity needed to supply electricity under these agreements, Midstream &amp; Marketing would be required to purchase electricity on the spot market or under contract with other electricity suppliers. Accordingly, increases in the cost of replacement power could negatively impact Midstream &amp; Marketing's results.

## Table of Contents

## Interest Rate Risk

We  have  both  fixed-rate  and  variable-rate  debt.  Changes  in  interest  rates  impact  the  cash  flows  of  variable-rate  debt  but generally do not impact their fair value. Conversely, changes in interest rates impact the fair value of fixed-rate debt but do not impact their cash flows.

Our variable-rate debt at September 30, 2022, includes revolving credit facility borrowings and variable-rate term loans at UGI International,  Utilities,  Energy  Services  and  UGI  Corporation.  These  debt  agreements  have  interest  rates  that  are  generally indexed to short-term market interest rates. We have entered into pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swap agreements on all or a significant portion of the term loans' principal balances and all or a significant portion of the term loans' tenor. We have designated  these  interest  rate  swaps  as  cash  flow  hedges.  At  September  30,  2022,  combined  borrowings  outstanding  under variable-rate debt agreements, excluding the previously mentioned effectively fixed-rate debt, totaled $800 million. Based upon average borrowings outstanding under variable-rate borrowings (excluding effectively fixed-rate term loan debt), an increase in short-term interest rates of 100 basis points (1%) would have increased our Fiscal 2022 interest expense by approximately $8 million. The remainder of our debt outstanding is subject to fixed rates of interest. A 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would result in decreases in the fair value of this fixed-rate debt of approximately $165 million at September 30, 2022. A 100  basis  point  decrease  in  market  interest  rates  would  result  in  increases  in  the  fair  value  of  this  fixed-rate  debt  of approximately $265 million at September 30, 2022.

Long-term debt associated with our domestic businesses is typically issued at fixed rates of interest based upon market rates for debt with similar terms and credit ratings. As these long-term debt issues mature, we may refinance such debt with new debt having  interest  rates  reflecting  then-current  market  conditions.  In  order  to  reduce  interest  rate  risk  associated  with  near-  to medium-term forecasted issuances of fixed rate debt, from time to time we enter into IRPAs.

## Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk

Our primary currency exchange rate risk is associated with the USD versus the euro and, to a lesser extent, the USD versus the British pound sterling. The USD value of our foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities will fluctuate with changes in the associated foreign currency exchange rates. From time to time, we use derivative instruments to hedge portions of our net investments in foreign subsidiaries, including anticipated foreign currency denominated dividends.  Gains or losses on these net investment hedges remain in AOCI until such foreign operations are sold or liquidated.  With respect to our net investments in our UGI International operations, a 10% decline in the value of the associated foreign currencies versus the USD would reduce their  aggregate net book value at September 30, 2022, by approximately $180 million, which amount would be reflected in other comprehensive income. We have designated certain euro-denominated borrowings as net investment hedges.

In order to reduce the volatility in net income associated with our foreign operations, principally as a result of changes in the USD exchange rate between the euro and British pound sterling, we enter into forward foreign currency exchange contracts. We layer  in  these  foreign  currency  exchange  contracts  over  a  multi-year  period  to  eventually  equal  approximately  90%  of anticipated UGI International foreign currency earnings before income taxes.

## Derivative Instrument Credit Risk

We are exposed to risk  of  loss  in  the  event  of  nonperformance  by  our  derivative  instrument  counterparties.  Our  derivative instrument counterparties principally comprise large energy companies and major U.S. and international financial institutions. We maintain credit policies with regard to our counterparties that we believe reduce overall credit risk. These policies include evaluating and monitoring our counterparties' financial condition, including their credit ratings, and entering into agreements with counterparties that govern credit limits or entering into netting agreements that allow for offsetting counterparty receivable and payable balances for certain financial transactions, as deemed appropriate.

We  have  concentrations  of  credit  risk  associated  with  derivative  instruments  and  we  evaluate  the  creditworthiness  of  our derivative counterparties on an ongoing basis. As of September 30, 2022, the maximum amount of loss, based upon the gross fair values of the derivative instruments, we would incur if these counterparties failed to perform according to the terms of their contracts was $2,418 million. In general, many of our over-the-counter derivative instruments and all exchange contracts call for the posting of collateral by the counterparty or by the Company in the forms of letters of credit, parental guarantees or cash. At September 30, 2022, we had received cash collateral from derivative instrument counterparties totaling $398 million. In addition, we  may  have  offsetting  derivative liabilities and  certain accounts  payable  balances  with  certain of these counterparties,  which  further  mitigates  the  previously  mentioned  maximum  amount  of  losses.  Certain  of  the  Partnership's derivative contracts have credit-risk-related contingent features that may require the posting of additional collateral in the event

## Table of Contents

of  a  downgrade  of  the  Partnership's  debt  rating.  At  September  30,  2022,  if  the  credit-risk-related  contingent  features  were triggered, the amount of collateral required to be posted would not be material.

The following table summarizes the fair values of unsettled market risk sensitive derivative instrument assets (liabilities) held at September  30,  2022  and  changes  in  their  fair  values  due  to  market  risks.  Certain  of  UGI  Utilities'  commodity  derivative instruments are excluded from the table below because any associated net gains or losses are refundable to or recoverable from customers in accordance with UGI Utilities ratemaking.

| Asset (Liability)  (Millions of dollars)  Fair Value  Change in  Fair Value  September 30, 2022  Commodity price risk (1)  $  1,715  $  (353)  Interest rate risk (2)  $  66  $  (11)  Foreign currency exchange rate risk (3)  $  117  $  (47)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Change in fair value represents a 10% adverse change in the market prices of certain commodities

(2) Change in fair value represents a 50 basis point adverse change in prevailing market interest rates

(3) Change in fair value represents a 10% adverse change in the value of the Euro and the British pound sterling versus the USD.

## Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The  accounting  policies  and  estimates  discussed  in  this  section  are  those  that  we  consider  to  be  the  most  critical  to  an understanding of our financial statements because they involve significant judgments and uncertainties. The application of these accounting  policies  and  estimates  necessarily  requires  management's  most  subjective  or  complex  judgments  regarding estimates and projected outcomes of future events. Changes in these policies and estimates could have a material effect on our financial statements. Management has reviewed these critical accounting policies, and the estimates and assumptions associated with them, with the Company's Audit Committee. Also, see Note 2 to Consolidated Financial Statements which discusses our significant accounting policies.

Goodwill Impairment Evaluation. Our goodwill is the result of business acquisitions.  We do not amortize goodwill, but test it at least annually for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment, or one level below an operating segment (a component), if it constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and regularly reviewed  by  segment  management.  Components  are  aggregated  into  a  single  reporting  unit  if  they  have  similar  economic characteristics.  A  reporting  unit  with  goodwill  is  required  to  perform  an  impairment  test  annually  or  whenever  events  or circumstances indicate that the value of goodwill may be impaired.

For certain of our reporting units with goodwill, we assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of such reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. For our other reporting units with goodwill, we bypass the qualitative assessment and perform the quantitative assessment by comparing the fair values of the reporting units with their carrying  amounts,  including  goodwill.  We  determine  fair  values  generally  based  on  a  weighting  of  income  and  market approaches. For purposes of the income approach, fair values are determined based upon the present value of the reporting unit's estimated future cash flows, including an estimate of the reporting unit's terminal value based upon these cash flows, discounted at appropriate risk-adjusted rates. We use our internal forecasts to estimate future cash flows, which may include estimates of long-term future growth rates based upon our most recent reviews of the long-term outlook for each reporting unit. Cash flow estimates used to establish fair values under our income approach involve management judgments based on a broad range  of  information  and  historical  results.  In  addition,  external  economic  and  competitive  conditions  can  influence  future performance. For purposes of the market approach, we use valuation multiples for companies comparable to our reporting units. The market approach requires judgment to determine the appropriate valuation multiples. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit  exceeds  its  fair  value,  an  impairment  loss  is  recognized  in  an  amount  equal  to  such  excess  but  not  to  exceed  the  total amount of the goodwill of the reporting unit. As of September 30, 2022, our goodwill totaled $3,612 million. No impairments of goodwill were recorded during any of the periods presented.

With respect to the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit's Fiscal 2022 impairment test, we determined that AmeriGas Propane's fair  value  exceeded  its  carrying  value  by  approximately  30%.  While  the  Company  believes  that  its  judgments  used  in  the quantitative assessment  of AmeriGas  Propane's  fair  value  are reasonable based  upon  currently available facts  and circumstances, if AmeriGas Propane were not able to achieve its anticipated results and/or if its weighted average cost of capital were to increase, its fair value would be adversely affected, which may result in an impairment. There is approximately $2

## Table of Contents

billion of goodwill in this reporting unit as of September 30, 2022. The Company will continue to monitor its reporting units and related goodwill for any possible future non-cash impairment charges.

Impairment  of  Long-Lived  Assets. An  impairment  test  for  long-lived  assets  (or  an  asset  group)  is  required  when circumstances indicate that such assets may be impaired. If it is determined that a triggering event has occurred, we perform a recoverability test based upon estimated undiscounted cash flow projections expected to be realized over the remaining useful life  of  the  long-lived  asset.  If  the  undiscounted  cash  flows  used  in  the  recoverability  test  are  less  than  the  long-lived  asset's carrying amount, we determine its fair value.  If the fair value is determined to be less than its carrying amount, the long-lived asset is reduced to its estimated fair value and an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to such shortfall. When determining whether a long-lived asset has been impaired, management groups assets at the lowest level that has identifiable cash flows. Performing an impairment test on long-lived assets involves judgment in areas such as identifying when a triggering event  requiring  evaluation  occurs;  identifying  and  grouping  assets;  and,  if  the  undiscounted  cash  flows  used  in  the recoverability  test  are  less  than  the  long-lived  asset's  carrying  amount,  determining  the  fair  value  of  the  long-lived  asset. Although cash flow estimates are based upon relevant information at the time the estimates are made, estimates of future cash flows  are  by  nature  highly  uncertain  and  contemplate  factors  that  change  over  time  such  as  the  expected  use  of  the  asset including  future  production  and  sales  volumes,  expected  fluctuations  in  prices  of  commodities  and  expected  proceeds  from disposition.    See  Note  5  to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  information  on  the  impairment  loss  associated  with  the disposal of Conemaugh during the third quarter of Fiscal 2020.  No other material provisions for impairments of long-lived assets were recorded during Fiscal 2022 or Fiscal 2021.

Loss  Contingencies  and  Environmental  Remediation  Liabilities. We  are  involved  in  litigation  that  arises  in  the  normal course of business, and we are subject to risk of loss for general, automobile and product liability and workers' compensation claims  for  which  we  obtain  insurance  coverage  subject  to  self-insured  retentions  or  deductibles.  We  are  also  subject  to environmental laws and regulations intended to mitigate or remove the effects of past operations and improve or maintain the quality of the environment. These laws and regulations require the removal or remedy of the effect on the environment of the disposal or release of certain specified hazardous substances at current or former operating sites.

We establish reserves for loss contingencies including pending litigation, and for pending and incurred but not reported claims associated with general and product liability, automobile and workers' compensation when it is probable that a liability exists and the amount or range of amounts related to such liability can be reasonably estimated. When no amount within a range of possible loss is a better estimate than any other amount within the range, liabilities recorded are based upon the low end of the range.  With respect to unasserted claims arising from unreported incidents, we may use the work of specialists to estimate the ultimate losses to be incurred using actuarially determined loss development factors applied to actual claims data.

The likelihood  of  a  loss  with  respect  to  a  particular  loss  contingency  is  often  difficult  to  predict.  In  addition,  a  reasonable estimate of the loss, or a range of possible loss, may not be practicable based upon the information available and the potential effects  of  future  events  and  decisions  by  third  parties  that  will  determine  the  ultimate  resolution  of  the  loss  contingency. Reasonable  estimates  involve  management  judgments  based  on  a  broad  range  of  information  and  prior  experience.  For litigation and pending claims including those covered by insurance policies, the analysis of probable loss is performed on a case by  case  basis  and  includes  an  evaluation  of  the  nature  of  the  claim,  the  procedural  status  of  the  matter,  the  probability  or likelihood of success in prosecuting or defending the claim, the information available with respect to the claim, the opinions and views of outside counsel and other advisors, and past experience in similar matters. These judgments are reviewed quarterly as more information is received, and the amounts reserved are updated as necessary. Our estimated reserves for loss contingencies and for pending and incurred but not reported claims associated with general and product liability, automobile and workers' compensation may differ materially from the ultimate liability and such reserves may change materially as more information becomes available and estimated reserves are adjusted.

We accrue reserves for environmental remediation when assessments indicate that it is probable a liability has been incurred and an amount can be reasonably estimated. Amounts recorded as environmental liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets represent our best estimate of costs expected to be incurred or, if no best estimate can be made, the minimum liability associated with  a  range  of  expected  environmental  investigation  and  remediation  costs.  These  estimates  are  based  upon  a  number  of factors including whether the company will be responsible for such remediation, the scope and cost of the remediation work to be performed, the portion of costs that will be shared with other potentially responsible parties, the timing of the remediation and  possible  impact  of  changes  in  technology,  and  the  regulations  and  requirements  of  local  governmental  authorities.  Our estimated  reserves  for  environmental  remediation  may  differ  materially  from  the  ultimate  liability  and  such  reserves  may change  materially  as  more  information  becomes  available  and  estimated  reserves  are  adjusted.  PA  Gas  Utility  receives ratemaking recognition of environmental investigation and remediation costs associated with its in-state environmental sites. This ratemaking recognition balances the accumulated difference between historical costs and rate recoveries with an estimate of future costs associated with the sites.

## Table of Contents

Regulatory Assets and Liabilities. The accounting for our rate regulated gas and electric utility businesses differs from the accounting  for  nonregulated  operations  in  that  these  businesses  are  required  to  reflect  the  effects  of  rate  regulation  in  the consolidated  financial  statements.  Regulatory  practices  that  assign  costs  to  accounting  periods  may  differ  from  accounting methods generally applied by nonregulated businesses. When it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged to customers, these costs that otherwise would be expensed by nonregulated companies are deferred  as  regulatory  assets.  Similarly,  regulatory  liabilities  are  recognized  when  it  is  probable  that  regulators  will  require customer  refunds  through  future  rates  or  when  revenue  is  collected  from  customers  for  expenditures  that  have  yet  to  be incurred.  We  continually  assess  whether  the  regulatory  assets  are  probable  of  future  recovery  by  evaluating  the  regulatory environment,  recent  rate  orders  and  public  statements  issued  by  the  PAPUC,  WVPSC  and  MDPSC,  and  discussions  with regulatory authorities and legal counsel. If future recovery of regulatory assets ceases to be probable, the elimination of those regulatory assets would adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. As of September 30, 2022, our regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities totaled $340 million and $335 million, respectively. For additional information on regulatory assets and liabilities, see Notes 2 and 9 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Income Taxes. We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and for deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. Positions taken by an entity in its tax returns must satisfy a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold assuming the positions will be examined by tax authorities with full knowledge of relevant information. We use assumptions, judgments and estimates to determine our current provision  for  income  taxes.  We  also  use  assumptions,  judgments  and  estimates  to  determine  our  deferred  tax  assets  and liabilities  and  any  valuation  allowance  to  be  recorded  against  a  deferred  tax  asset.  The  interpretation  of  tax  laws  involves uncertainty since tax authorities may interpret the laws differently. Our assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the current  provision  for  income  tax  give  consideration  to  current  tax  laws,  our  interpretation  of  current  tax  laws  and  possible outcomes  of  current  and  future  audits  conducted  by  foreign  and  domestic  tax  authorities.  Changes  in  tax  law  or  our interpretation thereof and the resolution of current and future tax audits could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes  in  our  consolidated  financial  statements.  Our  assumptions,  judgments  and  estimates  relative  to  the  amount  of deferred  income taxes take into account estimates of the amount of future taxable income. Actual taxable income or future estimates  of  taxable  income  could  render  our  current  assumptions,  judgments  and  estimates  inaccurate.  Changes  in  the assumptions, judgments and estimates mentioned above could cause our actual income tax obligations to differ significantly from our estimates. As of September 30, 2022, our net deferred tax liabilities totaled $1,249 million.

Business  Combination  Purchase  Price  Allocations. From  time  to  time,  the  Company  enters  into  material  business combinations. The purchase price is allocated to the various assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair value as of the acquisition date with the residual of the purchase price allocated to goodwill. From time to time, we engage third-party valuation experts to assist us in determining the fair values of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Such valuations require  management  to  make  significant  judgments,  estimates  and  assumptions  especially  with  respect  to  intangible  assets. Management makes estimates of fair value based upon assumptions it believes to be reasonable. These estimates are based upon historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. Critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets include, but are not limited to, discount rates and expected future cash flows from and the economic lives of customer relationships, trade names, existing technology, and other intangible assets. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur, which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions or estimates. The allocation of the purchase price may be modified up to one year after the acquisition date, under certain circumstances, as more information is obtained about the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

## Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 3 to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the effects of recently issued accounting guidance.

## ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

'Quantitative  and  Qualitative  Disclosures  About  Market  Risk'  are  contained  in  Item  7  -  Management's  Discussion  and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the caption 'Market Risk Disclosures' and are incorporated by reference.

## ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting included in Item 9A and the financial statements and  financial  statement  schedules  referred  to  in  the  Index  contained  on  page  F-2  of  this  Report  are  incorporated  herein  by reference.

## ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

## ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

- (a) The  Company's  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  are  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  that  the  information required  to  be  disclosed  by  the  Company  in  reports  filed  or  submitted  under  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as amended is (i) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms,  and  (ii)  accumulated  and  communicated  to  our  management,  including  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chief Financial  Officer,  as  appropriate  to  allow  timely  decisions  regarding  required  disclosure.  The  Company's  management, with the participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the  Company's  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  as  of  the  end  of  the  period  covered  by  this  report.  Based  on  that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures, as of September 30, 2022, were effective at the reasonable assurance level.

## (b) Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management  is  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  adequate  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  for  the Company, as such term is defined in  Rule  13a-15(f)  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended.  In  order  to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of  2002,  management has conducted an assessment, including testing, of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the 'COSO criteria').

Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process, designed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, and effected by the Company's Board of  Directors,  to  provide  reasonable,  but  not  absolute,  assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to changing conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Based  on  its  assessment,  management  has  concluded  that  the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was effective as of September 30, 2022, based on the COSO criteria.  The Company's independent registered public accounting firm,  Ernst  &amp;  Young  LLP,  has  issued  an  attestation  report  on  the  effectiveness  of  the  Company's  internal  control  over financial reporting as of September 30, 2022. This report is set forth below.

- (c) During the most recent fiscal quarter, no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting occurred that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of UGI Corporation

## Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited UGI Corporation and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway  Commission  (2013  framework)  (the  COSO  criteria).  In  our  opinion,  UGI  Corporation  and  subsidiaries  (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2022, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB),  the  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  the  Company  as  of  September  30,  2022  and  2021,  the  related  consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated November 21, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

The  Company's  management  is  responsible  for  maintaining  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  and  for  its assessment  of  the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  included  in  the  accompanying  'Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting'. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in  all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing  such  other  procedures  as  we  considered  necessary  in  the  circumstances.  We  believe  that  our  audit  provides  a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A  company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that  (1)  pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that,  in  reasonable  detail,  accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the  transactions  and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  and  that  receipts  and expenditures  of  the  company  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with  authorizations  of  management  and  directors  of  the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements.  Also, projections  of  any  evaluation  of  effectiveness  to  future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  controls  may  become  inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst &amp; Young LLP Philadelphia, Pennsylvania November 21, 2022

## ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION

## None.

## ITEM 9C.  DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not Applicable

## PART III:

## ITEMS 10 THROUGH 14.

In accordance with General Instruction G(3), and except as set forth below, the information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 is incorporated in this Report by reference to the following portions of UGI's Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC by December 31, 2022.

| Information  Captions of Proxy Statement  Incorporated by Reference  Item 10.  Directors,  Executive  Officers  and  Corporate  Governance  Election of Directors - Nominees; Corporate  Governance; Report of the Audit Committee of the  Board of Directors  The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available  without  charge  on  the  Company's  website,  www.ugicorp.com  under  the  caption  'Company  -  Leadership  and  Governance  -  Governance  Documents',  or  by  writing  to  Director,  Investor  Relations,  UGI  Corporation,  P.  O.  Box  858,  Valley  Forge, PA 19482. We will disclose on the Company's  website any waiver from or amendment to the Code of  Business  Conduct  and  Ethics  that  applies  to  the  Company's  principal  executive  officer,  principal  financial  officer,  principal  accounting  officer  or  controller or persons performing similar functions and  that  relates  to  any  element  of  the  code  of  ethics  definition in Item 406(b) of Regulations S-K.  Item 11.  Executive Compensation  Compensation  of  Directors;  Report  of  the  Compensation  and  Management  Development  Committee  of  the  Board  of  Directors;  Compensation  Discussion  and  Analysis;  Compensation  of  Executive  Officers;  Compensation  Committee  Interlocks  and  Insider Participation  Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and  Management and Related Stockholder Matters  Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners  Item 13.  Certain  Relationships  and  Related  Transactions,  and  Director Independence  Corporate  Governance  -  Director  Independence;  Corporate  Governance  -  Board  and  Committee  Structure;  Corporate Governance - Selection of Board  Candidates;  Policy  for  Approval  of  Related  Person  Transactions  Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services  Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

## Equity Compensation Table

The following table sets forth information as of the end of Fiscal 2022 with respect to compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance.

| Plan category  Number of securities  to be  issued upon exercise of  outstanding options,  warrants and rights  (a)  Weighted average  exercise price of  outstanding options,  warrants and rights  (b)  Number of securities  remaining available for future  issuance under equity  compensation plans  (excluding securities reflected  in column (a)) (c)  Equity compensation  plans approved by  security holders  9,004,896  (1)  $  42.16  18,015,916  (2)  1,376,371  (3)  $  0  Equity compensation  plans not approved by  security holders  -  Total  10,381,267  $  42.16  (4)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Represents 9,004,896 stock options under the UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan, which supersedes and replaces the UGI Corporation 2013 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan.  The UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan was approved by shareholders on January 29, 2021.

(2) Represents securities remaining for issuance under the UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan. The UGI Corporation 2021  Incentive  Award  Plan  uses  a  share  pool  under  which  each  share  issued  pursuant  to  a  stock  option  or  stock appreciation right reduces the number of shares available by one share, and each share issued pursuant to awards other than stock options or stock appreciation rights reduces the number of shares available by three (3) shares.

(3) Represents 1,376,371 restricted stock units under the UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan.

(4) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options; excludes restricted stock units.

The information concerning the Company's executive officers required by Item 10 is set forth below.

## EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

| Name  Age  Position  Roger Perreault  58  President and Chief Executive Officer  Ted J. Jastrzebski  61  Chief Financial Officer  Robert F. Beard, Jr.  57  Executive Vice President, Natural Gas, Global Engineering &amp; Construction and  Procurement; Chief Executive Officer, UGI Utilities, Inc.; Chief Executive Officer,  Mountaineer Gas Company  Monica M. Gaudiosi  59  Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  John Koerwer  62  Chief Information Officer  Jean Felix Tematio Dontsop  46  Vice President - Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller  Judy A. Zagorski  59  Chief Human Resources Officer   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All officers are elected for a one-year term at the organizational meeting of the Board of Directors held each year.

There are no family relationships between any of the officers or between any of the officers and any of the directors.

## Table of Contents

## Roger Perreault

Mr. Perreault is a Director and President and Chief Executive Officer of UGI Corporation (since June 2021).  Mr. Perreault previously served as Executive Vice President, Global LPG (2018 to 2021) and President - UGI International, LLC (from 2015 to 2021).  Prior to joining UGI Corporation, Mr. Perreault held various positions at Air Liquide, an industrial gases company he joined in 1994, and served in various leadership positions from 2008 to 2014, including in a global role as President, Large Industries with international responsibilities and, prior to that, in a role with responsibility for Air Liquide's North American large industries business.  Prior to joining Air Liquide, Mr. Perreault was a chemical engineer and operations manager with I.C.I. in Quebec, Canada.

## Ted J. Jastrzebski

Mr. Jastrzebski is Chief Financial Officer of UGI Corporation (since 2018).  Mr. Jastrzebski previously served as Principal Financial Officer of AmeriGas Propane, Inc. (2018 to 2019).  From 2013 until 2018, Mr. Jastrzebski served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Qurate Retail Group, which is comprised of QVC, HSN, Cornerstone Brands, and Zulily.    Previously,  Mr.  Jastrzebski  held  various  positions  at  The  Hershey  Company,  including  Senior  Vice  President  and President, Hershey Americas (2011 to 2013), Senior Vice President and President, Hershey International (2007 to 2010) and Vice President, Finance, Hershey International (2004 to 2007).  Mr. Jastrzebski also served as Senior Vice President, Finance, IT and Administration and Chief Financial Officer of CARE (2002 to 2004) and as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Project Hope (1999 to 2002).

## Robert F. Beard, Jr.

Mr. Beard is Executive Vice President, Natural Gas, Global Engineering &amp; Construction and Procurement of UGI Corporation (since  2021),  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  UGI  Utilities,  Inc.  (since  2011)  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  Mountaineer  Gas Company (Since 2021).  He held the title of Executive Vice President, Natural Gas of UGI Corporation (2018 to 2021) and previously served as President (2011 to September 2020), Vice President - Marketing, Rates and Gas Supply (2010 to 2011) and Vice President - Southern Region (2008 to 2010) of UGI Utilities, Inc.  From 2006 until 2008, Mr. Beard served as Vice President - Operations and Engineering of PPL Gas Utilities Corporation and, from 2002 until 2006, he served as Director Operations and Engineering of PPL Gas Utilities Corporation.

## Monica M. Gaudiosi

Ms. Gaudiosi is the Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of UGI Corporation (since 2012).  Prior to joining UGI Corporation, Ms. Gaudiosi served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel (2007 to 2012) and Senior Vice President and Associate General Counsel (2005 to 2007) of Southern Union Company.  Prior to joining Southern Union Company in 2005, Ms. Gaudiosi held various positions with General Electric Capital Corporation (1997 to 2005).  Before joining General Electric Capital Corporation, Ms. Gaudiosi was an associate at the law firms of Hunton &amp; Williams (1994 to 1997) and Sutherland, Asbill &amp; Brennan (1988 to 1994).

## John Koerwer

Mr. Koerwer is the Chief Information Officer of UGI Corporation (since 2020).  Mr. Koerwer joined UGI as Vice President, Information Technology, for UGI International in 2016 and later was named Group CIO for UGI Corporation, responsible for the  global  IT  strategy,  operations,  products  and  services  to  support  both  the  domestic  and  international  businesses  units. Previously,  Mr.  Koerwer  served  in  multiple  IT/IS  leadership  roles  for  The  Linde  Group,  a  multi-national  industrial  gas company based in Munich, Germany.

## Jean Felix Tematio Dontsop

Mr. Tematio Dontsop is the Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller of UGI Corporation (since July 2021). Mr.  Tematio  Dontsop  most  recently  served  as  Vice  President  of  Internal  Audit  for  West  Pharmaceuticals  Services,  Inc.  in Exton, Pennsylvania (July 2020 to June 2021).  Previously, he held several roles of increasing responsibility over fifteen years with PricewaterhouseCoopers, based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Paris, France, including Audit Director (2019 to 2020) and Audit Senior Manager (2011 to 2019).  Mr. Tematio Dontsop also worked earlier in his career as an auditor for KPMG, based in Paris.

## Table of Contents

## Judy A. Zagorski

Ms. Zagorski is the Chief Human Resources Officer of UGI Corporation (since September 2020).  Previously, Ms. Zagorski served  as  Executive  Vice  President,  Global  Human  Resources  &amp;  CHRO  at  Church  &amp;  Dwight,  a  major  manufacturer  of household products headquartered in Ewing, New Jersey (2017 to 2020).  Prior to joining Church &amp; Dwight, Ms. Zagorski held the positions of Senior Vice President - Human Resources and Vice President - Human Resources, Development and Strategy at BASF (2011 to 2017).

## PART IV:

## ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

## (a) Documents filed as part of this report:

## (1) Financial Statements:

Included under Item 8 are the following financial statements and supplementary data:

Management's Annual Report on Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID:42) (on Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules)

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2022 and 2021

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended September 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended September 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

## (2) Financial Statement Schedules:

I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Parent Company)

II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended September 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020

We have omitted all other financial statement schedules because the required information is (1) not present; (2) not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule; or (3) included elsewhere in the financial statements or related notes.

## (3) List of Exhibits:

The exhibits filed as part of this report are as follows (exhibits incorporated by reference are set forth with the name of the registrant, the type of report and registration number or last date of the period for which it was filed, and the exhibit number in such filing):

Incorporation by Reference

| 3.1  (Second) Amended and  Restated Articles of  Incorporation of the Company  as amended through June 6,  2005.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (6/30/05)  3.1  Exhibit No.  Exhibit  Registrant  Filing  Exhibit   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

Incorporation by Reference

| 3.2  Articles of Amendment to the  Amended and Restated  Articles of Incorporation of  UGI Corporation.  UGI  Form 8-K  (7/29/14)  3.1  3.3  Bylaws of UGI Corporation,  amended and restated as of  July 25, 2017.  UGI  Form 8-K  (7/31/17)  3.1  3.4  Statement with Respect to  Shares of the Company with  respect to the Convertible  Preferred Stock, filed with the  Secretary of the  Commonwealth of  Pennsylvania and effective on  May 25, 2021.  UGI  Form 8-K  (5/25/21)  3.1  3.5  Statement with Respect to  Shares of the Company with  respect to the Series B  Preferred Stock, filed with the  Secretary of the  Commonwealth of  Pennsylvania and effective on  May 25, 2021.  UGI  Form 8-K  (5/25/21)  3.2  4.1  Instruments defining the rights  of security holders, including  indentures. (The Company  agrees to furnish to the  Commission upon request a  copy of any instrument  defining the rights of holders  of long-term debt not required  to be filed pursuant to Item  601(b)(4) of Regulation S-K).  4.2  The description of the  Company's Common Stock  contained in the Company's  registration statement filed  under the Securities Exchange  Act of 1934, as amended.  UGI  Form 8-B/A  (4/17/96)  3.(4)  4.3  UGI Corporation's (Second)  Amended and Restated  Articles of Incorporation, as  amended, and Bylaws referred  to in 3.1, 3.2, and 3.3 above.  4.4  Indenture, dated as of August  1, 1993, by and between UGI  Utilities, Inc., as Issuer, and  U.S. Bank National  Association, as successor  trustee, incorporated by  reference to the Registration  Statement on Form S-3 filed  on April 8, 1994.  Utilities  Registration  Statement No.  33-77514  (4/8/94)  4(c)  Exhibit No.  Exhibit  Registrant  Filing  Exhibit   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

Incorporation by Reference

| 4.5  Supplemental Indenture, dated  as of September 15, 2006, by  and between UGI Utilities,  Inc., as Issuer, and U.S. Bank  National Association,  successor trustee to Wachovia  Bank, National Association.  Utilities  Form 8-K  (9/12/06)  4.2  4.6  Form of Note Purchase  Agreement dated October 30,  2013 between the Company  and the purchasers listed as  signatories thereto.  Utilities  Form 8-K  (10/30/13)  4.1  4.7  Note Purchase Agreement  dated April 22, 2016 between  the Company and the  purchasers listed as  signatories thereto.  Utilities  Form 8-K  (4/28/16)  4.1  4.8  Indenture, dated as of June 27,  2016, among AmeriGas  Partners, L.P., AmeriGas  Finance Corp., and U.S. Bank  National Association, as  trustee.  AmeriGas  Partners, L.P.  Form 8-K  (6/27/16)  4.1  4.9  First Supplemental Indenture,  dated as of June 27, 2016,  among AmeriGas Partners,  L.P., AmeriGas Finance  Corp., and U.S. Bank National  Association, as trustee.  AmeriGas  Partners, L.P.  Form 8-K  (6/27/16)  4.2  4.10  Second Supplemental  Indenture, dated as of  December 28, 2016, among  AmeriGas Partners, L.P.,  AmeriGas Finance Corp., and  U.S. Bank National  Association, as trustee  (including form of global  note).  AmeriGas  Partners, L.P.  Form 8-K  (12/28/16)  4.1  4.11  Third Supplemental Indenture,  dated as of February 13, 2017,  among AmeriGas Partners,  L.P., AmeriGas Finance  Corp., and U.S. Bank National  Association, as trustee  (including form of global  note).  AmeriGas  Partners, L.P.  Form 8-K  (2/13/17)  4.1  4.12  Indenture, dated as of October  25, 2018, by and among  International, the guarantors  named therein, U.S. Bank  National Association, as  trustee, Elavon Financial  Services DAC, as registrar  and transfer agent, and Elavon  Financial Services DAC, UK  Branch, as paying agent  (including the form of Note).  UGI  Form 8-K  (10/25/18)  4.1  Exhibit No.  Exhibit  Registrant  Filing  Exhibit   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

Incorporation by Reference

| 4.13  Indenture, dated as of  December 7, 2021, by and  among UGI International,  LLC, the guarantors named  therein, U.S. Bank National  Association, as trustee, Elavon  Financial Services DAC, as  registrar and transfer agent,  and Elavon Financial Services  DAC, UK Branch, as paying  agent (including the form of  Note).  UGI  Form 8-K  (12/7/21)  4.1  4.14  Form of Note Purchase  Agreement dated December  21, 2018 between the  Company and the purchasers  listed as signatories thereto.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (12/31/18)  4.1  4.15  Note Purchase Agreement,  dated as of March 19, 2020,  by and among the Company  and the purchasers listed as  signatories thereto.  UGI  Form 8-K  (3/19/20)  4.1  4.16  Note Purchase Agreement,  dated May 7, 2021, by and  among UGI Utilities, Inc. and  the purchasers listed as  signatories thereto.  UGI  Form 8-K  (5/4/21)  4.1  4.17  Note Purchase Agreement,  dated June 30, 2022, by and  among UGI Utilities, Inc. and  the purchasers listed as  signatories thereto.  UGI  Form 8-K  (6/30/22)  4.1  4.18  Note Purchase Agreement,  dated June 30, 2022, by and  among Mountaineer Gas  Company and the purchasers  listed as signatories thereto.  UGI  Form 8-K  (6/30/22)  4.2  4.19  Purchase Contract and Pledge  Agreement, dated May 25,  2021, between the Company  and U.S. Bank National  Association, as purchase  contract agent, collateral  agent, custodial agent and  securities intermediary.  UGI  Form 8-K  (5/25/21)  4.1  4.20  Form of Corporate Unit  (included as Exhibit A to  Exhibit 4.19 hereto).  UGI  Form 8-K  (5/25/21)  4.2  4.21  Form of Treasury Unit  (included as Exhibit B to  Exhibit 4.19 hereto).  UGI  Form 8-K  (5/25/21)  4.3  4.22  Form of Cash Settled Unit  (included as Exhibit C to  Exhibit 4.19 hereto).  UGI  Form 8-K  (5/25/21)  4.4  4.23  Form of Series A Cumulative  Perpetual Convertible  Preferred Stock Certificate.  UGI  Form 8-K  (5/25/21)  4.5  4.24  Form of Series B Cumulative  Perpetual Preferred Stock  Certificate.  UGI  Form 8-K  (5/25/21)  4.6  Exhibit No.  Exhibit  Registrant  Filing  Exhibit   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

Incorporation by Reference

| 4.25  Description of the Registrant's  Securities Registered Pursuant  to Section 12 of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/21)  4.22  10.1**  UGI Corporation 2004  Omnibus Equity  Compensation Plan Amended  and Restated as of September  5, 2014.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/16)  10.25  10.2**  UGI Corporation 2004  Omnibus Equity  Compensation Plan Amended  and Restated as of September  5, 2014 - Terms and  Conditions as effective  January 1, 2016.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/16)  10.26  10.3**  UGI Corporation 2009  Deferral Plan, as Amended  and Restated effective June  15, 2017.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (6/30/17)  10.6  10.4**  UGI Corporation 2009  Supplemental Executive  Retirement Plan for New  Employees, as Amended and  Restated as of June 15, 2017.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (6/30/17)  10.1  10.5**  UGI Corporation 2013  Omnibus Incentive  Compensation Plan, effective  as of September 5, 2014.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/16)  10.30  10.6**  UGI Corporation 2013  Omnibus Incentive  Compensation Plan, Terms  and Conditions for Non-  Employee Directors, effective  January 1, 2019.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (3/31/19)  10.6  10.7**  UGI Corporation  Supplemental Executive  Retirement Plan and  Supplemental Savings Plan, as  Amended and Restated  effective April 1, 2015.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/17)  10.26  10.8**  UGI Corporation Executive  Annual Bonus Plan as  amended November 15, 2018.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (3/31/19)  10.7  10.9**  UGI Corporation 2021  Incentive Award Plan.  UGI  Form S-8  (2/4/21)  4.4  *10.10**  UGI Corporation 2021  Incentive Award Plan, Terms  and Conditions for Non-  Employee Directors, effective  February 1, 2021.  10.11**  UGI Corporation Executive  Severance Plan, as effective  October 1, 2021.  UGI  Form 8-K  (9/29/21)  10.1  10.12**  Form of UGI Corporation  2013 Omnibus Incentive  Compensation Plan,  Nonqualified Stock Option  Grant Letter for all US  Employees.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (3/31/21)  10.1  Exhibit No.  Exhibit  Registrant  Filing  Exhibit   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

Incorporation by Reference

| 10.13**  Form of UGI Corporation  2013 Omnibus Incentive  Compensation Plan  Performance Unit Grant Letter  for all US Employees.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (3/31/21)  10.2  10.14**  Form of UGI Corporation  2013 Omnibus Incentive  Compensation Plan Stock  Unit Grant Letter for all US  Employees.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (3/31/21)  10.3  10.15**  Form of UGI Corporation  2013 Omnibus Incentive  Compensation Plan,  Nonqualified Stock Option  Grant Letter for Non-  Employee Directors.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (3/31/21)  10.4  10.16**  Form of UGI Corporation  2013 Omnibus Incentive  Compensation Plan Stock  Unit Grant Letter for Non-  Employee Directors.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (3/31/21)  10.5  *10.17**  Form of UGI Corporation  2021 Incentive Award Plan  Nonqualified Stock Option  Grant Letter for Non-  Employee Directors.  *10.18**  Form of UGI Corporation  2021 Incentive Award Plan  Restricted Stock Unit Grant  Letter for Non-Employee  Directors.  10.19**  Form of UGI Corporation  2021 Incentive Award Plan  Nonqualified Stock Option  Grant Letter for all US  Employees.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (6/30/21)  10.1  10.20**  Form of UGI Corporation  2021 Incentive Award Plan  Performance Unit Grant Letter  for all US Employees.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (6/30/21)  10.2  10.21**  Form of UGI Corporation  2021 Incentive Award Plan  Stock Unit Grant Letter for all  US Employees.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (6/30/21)  10.3  10.22**  Form of Confidentiality, Non-  Competition and Non-  Solicitation Agreement  between UGI Corporation and  Ted J. Jastrzebski.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (6/30/18)  10.1  10.23**  Form of Confidentiality, Non-  Competition and Non-  Solicitation Agreement  between UGI Corporation and  Mr. Roger Perreault.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (6/30/21)  10.4  Exhibit No.  Exhibit  Registrant  Filing  Exhibit   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

Incorporation by Reference

| 10.24**  Form of Confidentiality, Non-  Competition and Non-  Solicitation Agreement  between UGI Corporation and  Mr. Robert F. Beard.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/20)  10.27  10.25**  Form of Change in Control  Agreement between UGI  Utilities, Inc. and Mr. Robert  F. Beard.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/20)  10.28  10.26**  Form of Confidentiality, Non-  Competition and Non-  Solicitation Agreement  between UGI Corporation and  Ms. Judy Zagorski.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/21)  10.31  10.27**  Form of Change in Control  Agreement between UGI  Corporation and Messrs.  Perreault and Jastrzebski and  Mses. Gaudiosi and Zagorski.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/21)  10.32  10.28  Trademark License  Agreement dated April 19,  1995 among UGI  Corporation, AmeriGas, Inc.,  AmeriGas Propane, Inc.,  AmeriGas Partners, L.P. and  AmeriGas Propane, L.P.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/10)  10.37  10.29  First Amendment, dated as of  November 18, 2015, to  Trademark License  Agreement, dated April 19,  1995, by and among UGI  Corporation, AmeriGas, Inc.,  AmeriGas Propane, Inc.,  AmeriGas Partners, L.P., and  AmeriGas Propane, L.P.  AmeriGas  Partners, L.P.  Form 10-K  (9/30/15)  10.40  10.30  Trademark License  Agreement, dated April 19,  1995 among AmeriGas  Propane, Inc., AmeriGas  Partners, L.P. and AmeriGas  Propane, L.P.  AmeriGas  Partners, L.P.  Form 10-Q  (12/31/10)  10.1  10.31  Form of Receivables Purchase  Agreement, dated as of  November 30, 2001, as  amended through and  including Amendment No. 18  thereto dated October 27,  2017, by and among UGI  Energy Services, LLC, as  servicer, Energy Services  Funding Corporation, as  seller, and PNC Bank,  National Association, as  issuer and administrator.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/17)  10.38  Exhibit No.  Exhibit  Registrant  Filing  Exhibit   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

Incorporation by Reference

| 10.32  Amendment No. 19, dated as  of October 26, 2018, to  Receivables Purchase  Agreement, dated as of  November 30, 2001 (as  amended, supplemented or  modified from time to time),  by and among UGI Energy  Services, LLC, as servicer,  Energy Services Funding  Corporation, as seller, and  PNC Bank, National  Association, as issuer and  administrator.  UGI  Form 8-K  (10/26/18)  10.1  10.33  Amendment No. 20, dated as  of October 25, 2019, to  Receivables Purchase  Agreement, dated as of  November 30, 2001 (as  amended, supplemented or  modified from time to time),  by and among UGI Energy  Services, LLC, as servicer,  Energy Services Funding  Corporation, as seller, and  PNC Bank, National  Association, as issuer and  administrator.  UGI  Form 8-K  (10/25/19)  10.1  10.34  Amendment No. 21, dated as  of October 23, 2020, to  Receivables Purchase  Agreement, dated as of  November 30, 2001, by and  among UGI Energy Services,  LLC, as servicer, Energy  Services Funding Corporation,  as seller, and PNC Bank,  National Association, as  issuer and administrator.  UGI  Form 8-K  (10/23/20)  10.1  10.35  Amendment No. 22, dated as  of October 22, 2021, to  Receivables Purchase  Agreement, dated as of  November 30, 2001, by and  among UGI Energy Services,  LLC, as servicer, Energy  Services Funding Corporation,  as seller, and PNC Bank,  National Association, as  issuer and administrator.  UGI  Form 8-K  (10/22/21)  10.1  10.36  Amendment No. 23, dated as  of October 21, 2022, to  Receivables Purchase  Agreement, dated as of  November 30, 2001, by and  among UGI Energy Services,  LLC, as servicer, Energy  Services Funding Corporation,  as seller, and PNC Bank,  National Association, as  issuer and administrator.  UGI  Form 8-K  (10/20/22)  10.2  Exhibit No.  Exhibit  Registrant  Filing  Exhibit   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

Incorporation by Reference

| 10.37  Form of Purchase and Sale  Agreement, dated as of  November 30, 2001, as  amended through and  including Amendment No. 4  thereto dated October 1, 2013,  by and between UGI Energy  Services, LLC and Energy  Services Funding Corporation.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/17)  10.39  10.38  FSS Service Agreement No.  79028 effective as of  December 1, 2019 by and  between Columbia Gas  Transmission, LLC and UGI  Utilities, Inc.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/19)  10.40  10.39  SST Service Agreement  No. 79133 effective as of  December 1, 2019 by and  between Columbia Gas  Transmission, LLC and UGI  Utilities, Inc.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/19)  10.41  10.40  Gas Supply and Delivery  Service Agreement between  UGI Utilities, Inc. and UGI  Energy Services, LLC,  effective November 1, 2015.  Utilities  Form 10-K  (9/30/16)  10.19  10.41  First Amendment, dated  November 1, 2020, to Gas  Supply and Delivery Service  Agreement First Amendment,  dated November 1, 2020, to  Gas Supply and Delivery  Service Agreement between  UGI Utilities, Inc. and UGI  Energy Services, LLC,  effective November 1, 2015.  UGI Utilities, Inc. and UGI  Energy Services, LLC,  effective November 1, 2015.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/20)  10.41  10.42  Gas Supply and Delivery  Service Agreement between  UGI Utilities, Inc. and UGI  Energy Services, LLC,  effective November 1, 2020.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/20)  10.42  10.43  Gas Supply and Delivery  Service Agreement between  UGI Utilities, Inc. and UGI  Energy Services, LLC,  effective November 1, 2021.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/21)  10.47  10.44  Credit Agreement, dated  October 31, 2017, by and  among UGI Utilities, Inc.,  PNC Bank National  Association, as administrative  agent, The Bank of New York  Mellon, as syndication agent,  and certain other lenders  named therein.  Utilities  Form 8-K  (10/31/17)  10.1  Exhibit No.  Exhibit  Registrant  Filing  Exhibit   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

Incorporation by Reference

| 10.45  First Amendment to Credit  Agreement, dated July 12,  2022, by and among UGI  Utilities, Inc., the lenders  party thereto and PNC Bank,  National Association, as  administrative agent.  UGI  Form 8-K  (7/21/22)  10.1  10.46  Credit Agreement, dated as of  June 27, 2019, by and among  UGI Utilities, Inc., as  borrower, PNC Bank,  National Association, as  administrative agent, Citizens  Bank, N.A., as syndication  agent, and the lenders party  thereto.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (6/30/19)  10.1  10.47  Multicurrency Facilities  Agreement, effective October  25, 2018, among  International, as borrower,  Natixis, as agent, mandated  lead arranger, bookrunner and  coordinator, Barclays Bank  Plc, BNP Paribas, Credit  Agricole Corporate and  Investment Bank, HSBC  France, ING Bank N.V.,  French Branch, Mediobanca  International (Luxembourg)  S.A., Raiffeisen Bank  International AG and Societe  Generale Corporate and  Investment Banking, as  mandated lead arrangers, and  certain other lenders.  UGI  Form 8-K  (10/25/18)  4.2  10.48  Credit Agreement, dated as of  August 13, 2019, by and  among UGI Energy Services,  LLC, as borrower, Credit  Suisse AG, Cayman Islands  Branch, as administrative  agent and collateral agent, and  the lenders party thereto.  UGI  Form 8-K  (8/13/19)  10.1  10.49  Third Amended and Restated  Credit Agreement, dated as of  March 6, 2020, by and among  UGI Energy Services, LLC, as  borrower, JPMorgan Chase  Bank, N.A., as administrative  agent, PNC Bank, National  Association, as syndication  agent, and Wells Fargo Bank,  National Association, as  documentation agent.  UGI  Form 8-K  (3/6/20)  10.1  Exhibit No.  Exhibit  Registrant  Filing  Exhibit   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

Incorporation by Reference

| 10.50  Amended and Restated Credit  Agreement, dated as of May  4, 2021, by and among UGI  Corporation and JPMorgan  Chase Bank, N.A., as  administrative agent, Citizens  Bank, N.A., PNC Bank,  National Association and  Wells Fargo Bank, National  Association, as co-  documentation agents, and the  other financial institutions  from time to time party  thereto.  UGI  Form 8-K  (5/4/21)  10.1  10.51  First Amendment to the  Amended and Restated Credit  Agreement, dated as of June  23, 2021, by and among UGI  Corporation, as borrower,  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.,  as administrative agent, and  the lenders party thereto.  UGI  Form 10-Q  (6/30/21)  10.6  10.52  Credit Agreement, dated as of  September 28, 2022, by and  among AmeriGas Propane,  L.P., AmeriGas Propane, Inc.,  the lenders from time to time  party thereto and Wells Fargo  Bank, National Association,  as administrative agent.  UGI  Form 8-K  (9/28/22)  10.1  10.53  Third Amendment to Third  Amended and Restated Credit  Agreement, dated as of  October 20, 2022, by and  among Mountaineer Gas  Company, as borrower, the  lenders party thereto and  Truist Bank, as administrative  agent, letter of credit issuer  and swing line lender  UGI  Form 8-K  (10/20/22)  10.1  14  Code of Business Conduct  and Ethics.  UGI  Form 10-K  (9/30/21)  14  *21  Subsidiaries of the Registrant.  *23  Consent of Ernst &amp; Young  LLP  *31.1  Certification by the Chief  Executive Officer relating to  the Registrant's Report on  Form 10-K for the fiscal year  ended September 30, 2022  pursuant to Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  *31.2  Certification by the Chief  Financial Officer relating to  the Registrant's Report on  Form 10-K for the fiscal year  ended September 30, 2022  pursuant to Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  Exhibit No.  Exhibit  Registrant  Filing  Exhibit   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

Incorporation by Reference

| *32  Certification by the Chief  Executive Officer and the  Chief Financial Officer  relating to the Registrant's  Report on Form 10-K for the  fiscal year ended September  30, 2022, pursuant to Section  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002.  *101.INS  XBRL Instance - the instance  document does not appear in  the Interactive Data File  because its XBRL tags are  embedded within the Inline  XBRL document  *101.SCH  XBRL Taxonomy Extension  Schema  *101.CAL  XBRL Taxonomy Extension  Calculation Linkbase  *101.DEF  XBRL Taxonomy Extension  Definition Linkbase  *101.LAB  XBRL Taxonomy Extension  Labels Linkbase  *101.PRE  XBRL Taxonomy Extension  Presentation Linkbase  Exhibit No.  Exhibit  Registrant  Filing  Exhibit   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Filed herewith.
- ** As required by Item 15(a)(3), this exhibit is identified as a compensatory plan or arrangement.

## ITEM 16.  FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None.

## Table of Contents

## EXHIBIT INDEX

| Exhibit No.  Description  10.10  UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan, Terms and Conditions for Non-Employee Directors, effective  February 1, 2021.  10.17  Form  of  UGI  Corporation  2021  Incentive  Award  Plan  Nonqualified  Stock  Option  Grant  Letter  for  Non-  Employee Directors.  10.18  Form of UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan Restricted Stock Unit Grant Letter for Non-Employee  Directors.  21  Subsidiaries of the Registrant.  23  Consent of Ernst &amp; Young LLP.  31.1  Certification by the Chief Executive Officer relating to the Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended September 30, 2022 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  31.2  Certification by the Chief Financial Officer relating to the Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year  ended September 30, 2022 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  32  Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer relating to the Registrant's Report  on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002.  101.INS  XBRL Instance - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are  embedded within the Inline XBRL document  101.SCH  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  101.CAL  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase  101.DEF  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase  101.LAB  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase  101.PRE  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

## UGI CORPORATION

Date:

November 21, 2022

By:

/s/ Ted J. Jastrzebski

Ted J. Jastrzebski Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below on November 21, 2022, by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities indicated.

Signature

Title

/s/ Roger Perreault

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director

Roger Perreault

/s/ Ted J. Jastrzebski

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

Ted J. Jastrzebski

/s/ Jean Felix Tematio Dontsop

Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)

Jean Felix Tematio Dontsop

/s/ Frank S. Hermance

Chairman and Director

Frank S. Hermance

/s/ M. Shawn Bort

Director

M. Shawn Bort

/s/ Theodore A. Dosch

Director

Theodore A. Dosch

/s/ Alan N. Harris

Director

Alan N. Harris

/s/ Mario Longhi

Director

Mario Longhi

/s/ William J. Marrazzo

Director

William J. Marrazzo

/s/ Cindy J. Miller

Director

Cindy J. Miller

Director

/s/ Kelly A. Romano

Kelly A. Romano

/s/ James B. Stallings, Jr.

Director

James B. Stallings, Jr.

/s/ John L. Walsh

Director

John L. Walsh

## UGI CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

## FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR INCLUSION IN ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2022

## Table of Contents

## UGI CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

## INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

| Pages  Management's Annual Report on Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules  F-3  Financial Statements:  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (on Consolidated Financial Statements and  Schedules)  F-4  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2022 and 2021  F-6  Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended September 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020  F-7  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020  F-8  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020  F-9  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended September 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020  F-10  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  F-11  Financial Statement Schedules:  For the years ended September 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020:  I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Parent Company)  S-1  II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  S-4   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We have omitted  all  other  financial  statement  schedules  because  the  required  information  is  either  (1)  not  present;  (2)  not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule; or (3) included elsewhere in the financial statements or related notes.

## Table of Contents

## Management's Annual Report on Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules

The  Company's  consolidated  financial  statements  and  other  financial  information  contained  in  this  Annual  Report  were prepared by management, which is responsible for their fairness, integrity and objectivity. The consolidated financial statements and related information were prepared in accordance with GAAP and include amounts that are based on management's best judgments and estimates.

The  Audit  Committee  of  the  Board  of  Directors  (the  'Committee')  is  composed  of  three  members,  each  of  whom  is independent and a non-employee director of the Company.  The Committee is responsible for monitoring and overseeing the financial  reporting  process,  the  adequacy  of  internal  accounting  controls,  and  the  independence  and  performance  of  the Company's  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm  and  internal  auditors.  The  Committee  meets  regularly,  with  and without management present, with the independent registered public accounting firm and the internal auditors, both of which report directly to the Committee. In addition, the Committee provides regular reports to the Board of Directors.

/s/ Roger Perreault Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Ted J. Jastrzebski Chief Financial Officer

/s/ Jean Felix Tematio Dontsop Chief Accounting Officer

Description of the Matter

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of UGI Corporation

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  UGI  Corporation  and  subsidiaries  (the  Company)  as  of September 30, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the 'consolidated financial statements'). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal  Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 21, 2022, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error  or  fraud.  Our  audits  included  performing  procedures  to  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating  the  accounting  principles  used  and  significant  estimates  made  by  management,  as  well  as  evaluating  the  overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are  material  to  the  financial  statements  and  (2)  involved  our  especially  challenging,  subjective,  or  complex  judgments.  The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

## Valuation of general liability, automobile and workers' compensation reserves

As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is subject to risk of loss for general  liability,  automobile  and  workers'  compensation  claims  for  which  it  obtains  coverage  under insurance  policies  that  are  subject  to  self-insured  retentions  or  deductibles.    The  Company  establishes reserves for pending and incurred but not reported claims associated with general liability, automobile and workers' compensation when it is probable that a liability exists and the amount or range of amounts can be reasonably estimated.

Auditing  the  Company's  general  liability,  automobile  and  workers'  compensation  reserves  was  complex and  required  us  to  involve  our  actuarial  specialists  due  to  the  significant  measurement  uncertainty associated with the estimate and the use of actuarial methods.  In addition, the reserve estimate is sensitive to significant management assumptions, including the loss development factors for reported claims.

## Table of Contents

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the  Company's  valuation  of  general  liability,  automobile  and  workers'  compensation  reserves.    For example, we tested controls over management's review of the appropriateness of the assumptions used in the calculations and the completeness and accuracy of the data underlying the reserves.

To  test  the  valuation  of  general  liability,  automobile  and  workers'  compensation  reserves,  our  audit procedures included, among others, assessing the methodologies used to estimate the reserves and testing the  completeness  and  accuracy  of  the  underlying  data.  We  involved  our  actuarial  specialists  to  assist  in evaluating the significant assumptions and actuarial methodologies used by the Company to estimate the total  expected  losses  for  claims.  We  also  performed  a  search  for  unrecorded  claims  reserves  related  to claims  incurred  prior  to  the  balance  sheet  date  through  examination  of  subsequent  payments  and  other supporting documentation to determine if unrecorded claims affect the loss reserve estimation process or reserve balance.

/s/ Ernst &amp; Young LLP We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania November 21, 2022

## UGI CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(Millions of dollars)

| September 30,  2022  2021  ASSETS  Current assets  Cash and cash equivalents  $  405  $  855  Restricted cash  64  22  Accounts receivable (less allowances for doubtful accounts of $64 and $53, respectively)  1,127  880  Accrued utility revenues  23  15  Income taxes receivable  128  128  Inventories  665  469  Derivative instruments  865  665  Prepaid expenses  110  135  Held for sale assets (Note 25)  295  -  Other current assets  120  101  Total current assets  3,802  3,270  Property, plant and equipment  Non-utility  6,656  6,486  Utility  5,550  5,022  12,206  11,508  Accumulated depreciation  (4,166)  (3,950)  Net property, plant, and equipment  8,040  7,558  Goodwill  3,612  3,770  Intangible assets, net  500  583  Utility regulatory assets  301  373  Derivative instruments  565  338  Other assets  755  831  Total assets  $  17,575  $  16,723  LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  Current liabilities  Current maturities of long-term debt  $  149  $  110  Short-term borrowings  368  367  Accounts payable  891  837  Employee compensation and benefits accrued  147  181  Deposits and advances  225  208  Derivative instruments  144  60  Held for sale liabilities (Note 25)  19  -  Other current liabilities  501  534  Total current liabilities  2,444  2,297  Noncurrent liabilities  Long-term debt  6,483  6,339  Deferred income taxes  1,305  1,137  Derivative instruments  50  38  Other noncurrent liabilities  1,219  1,381  Total liabilities  11,501  11,192  Commitments and contingencies (Note 17)  Equity:  UGI Corporation stockholders' equity:  Preferred Stock, without par value (authorized 5,000,000 shares; issued 220,000 and 220,000 Series A  shares, respectively)  162  213  UGI Common Stock, without par value (authorized - 450,000,000 shares; issued - 210,560,494 and  209,843,296 shares, respectively)  1,483  1,394  Retained earnings  4,841  4,081  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  (380)  (140)  Treasury stock, at cost  (40)  (26)  Total UGI Corporation stockholders' equity  6,066  5,522  Noncontrolling interests  8  9  Total equity  6,074  5,531  Total liabilities and equity  $  17,575  $  16,723   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Table of Contents

## UGI CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

(Millions of dollars, except per share amounts)

| Year Ended September 30,  2022  2021  2020  Revenues  $  10,106  $  7,447  $  6,559  Costs and expenses:  Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization shown below)  5,973  2,614  3,149  Operating and administrative expenses  2,028  2,014  1,911  Loss on disposals of Conemaugh and HVAC  -  -  54  Depreciation and amortization  518  502  484  Other operating income, net  (79)  (33)  (21)  8,440  5,097  5,577  Operating income  1,666  2,350  982  (Loss) income from equity investees  (14)  (63)  27  Loss on extinguishments of debt  (11)  -  -  Other non-operating income (expense), net  75  12  (20)  Interest expense  (329)  (310)  (322)  Income before income taxes  1,387  1,989  667  Income tax expense  (313)  (522)  (135)  Net income including noncontrolling interests  1,074  1,467  532  Deduct net income attributable to noncontrolling interests  (1)  -  -  Net income attributable to UGI Corporation  $  1,073  $  1,467  $  532  Earnings per common share attributable to UGI Corporation stockholders:  Basic  $  5.11  $  7.02  $  2.55  Diluted  $  4.97  $  6.92  $  2.54  Weighted-average common shares outstanding (thousands):  Basic  209,940  209,063  208,928  Diluted  215,821  212,126  209,869   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## UGI CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

(Millions of dollars)

| Year Ended September 30,  2022  2021  2020  Net income including noncontrolling interests  $  1,074  $  1,467  $  532  Net gains (losses) on derivative instruments (net of tax of $(27), $(1), and  $15, respectively)  64  3  (38)  Reclassifications of net losses on derivative instruments (net of tax of $(1),  $(7), and $(4), respectively)  6  18  9  Foreign currency translation adjustments (net of tax of $(55), $(4), and $12,  respectively)  (193)  (11)  15  Foreign currency (losses) gains on long-term intra-company transactions  (148)  (12)  84  Benefit plans, principally actuarial gains (losses) (net of tax of $(10), $(3),  and $1, respectively)  28  7  (3)  Reclassifications of benefit plans actuarial losses and net prior service  benefit (net of tax of $(1), $(1), and $(1), respectively)  3  2  3  Other comprehensive (loss) income  (240)  7  70  Comprehensive income including noncontrolling interests  834  1,474  602  Deduct comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests  (1)  -  -  Comprehensive income attributable to UGI Corporation  $  833  $  1,474  $  602   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## UGI CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(Millions of dollars)

| Year Ended September 30,  2022  2021  2020  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Net income including noncontrolling interests  $  1,074  $  1,467  $  532  Adjustments to reconcile net income including noncontrolling interests to net  cash provided by operating activities:  Depreciation and amortization  518  502  484  Deferred income tax expense, net  221  478  146  Provision for uncollectible accounts  61  36  32  Changes in unrealized gains on derivative instruments  (648)  (1,398)  (81)  Loss on disposals of Conemaugh and HVAC  -  -  54  Equity-based compensation expense  15  21  15  Loss on extinguishments of debt  11  -  -  Loss (income) from equity investees  14  63  (27)  Other, net  3  31  21  Net change in:  Accounts receivable and accrued utility revenues  (431)  (233)  (18)  Income taxes receivable  -  (48)  (80)  Inventories  (224)  (231)  (5)  Utility deferred fuel costs, net of changes in unsettled derivatives  (24)  (22)  17  Accounts payable  85  366  3  Derivative instruments collateral (paid) received  (9)  472  22  Other current assets  54  (10)  38  Other current liabilities  (4)  (13)  (51)  Net cash provided by operating activities  716  1,481  1,102  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Expenditures for property, plant and equipment  (804)  (690)  (655)  Acquisitions of businesses and assets, net of cash and restricted cash acquired  (242)  (397)  (16)  Investments in equity method investees  (47)  (65)  -  Settlements of net investment hedges  26  -  -  Other, net  55  39  22  Net cash used by investing activities  (1,012)  (1,113)  (649)  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Dividends on UGI Common Stock  (296)  (282)  (273)  Issuances of debt, net of issuance costs  1,257  656  209  Repayments of debt and finance leases  (978)  (405)  (86)  Receivables Facility net repayments  -  (19)  (27)  Increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings  1  (16)  (422)  Issuances of preferred stock, net of issuance costs  -  213  -  Issuances of UGI Common Stock  19  19  2  Repurchases of UGI Common Stock  (38)  -  (38)  Payments on Purchase Contracts  (16)  -  -  Net cash (used) provided by financing activities  (51)  166  (635)  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  (61)  (14)  28  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (decrease) increase  $  (408)  $  520  $  (154)  CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year  $  469  $  877  $  357  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year  877  357  511  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (decrease) increase  $  (408)  $  520  $  (154)  SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION  Cash paid for:  Interest  $  320  $  297  $  311  Income taxes  $  61  $  96  $  75   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## UGI CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

(Millions of dollars, except per share amounts)

| Year Ended September 30,  2022  2021  2020  Preferred stock, without par value  Balance, beginning of year  $  213  $  -  $  -  Issuance of preferred stock  -  213  -  Beneficial conversion feature  1  -  -  Other  (52)  -  -  Balance, end of year  $  162  $  213  $  -  Common stock, without par value  Balance, beginning of year  $  1,394  $  1,416  $  1,397  Common Stock issued in connection with employee and director plans, net of  tax withheld  19  9  2  Equity-based compensation expense  17  16  17  Issuance of Equity Units - 2024 Purchase Contracts  -  (45)  -  Other  53  (2)  -  Balance, end of year  $  1,483  $  1,394  $  1,416  Retained earnings  Balance, beginning of year  $  4,081  $  2,908  $  2,653  Net income attributable to UGI Corporation  1,073  1,467  532  Cash dividends on common stock ($1.41, $1.35, and $1.31 per share,  respectively)  (296)  (282)  (273)  Losses on treasury stock transactions in connection with employee and director  plans  (17)  (12)  (4)  Balance, end of year  $  4,841  $  4,081  $  2,908  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)  Balance, beginning of year  $  (140)  $  (147)  $  (217)  Net gains (losses) on derivative instruments  64  3  (38)  Reclassification of net losses on derivative instruments  6  18  9  Benefit plans, principally actuarial gains (losses)  28  7  (3)  Reclassification of benefit plans actuarial losses and net prior service benefits  3  2  3  Foreign currency (losses) gains on long-term intra-company transactions  (148)  (12)  84  Foreign currency translation adjustments  (193)  (11)  15  Balance, end of year  $  (380)  $  (140)  $  (147)  Treasury stock  Balance, beginning of year  $  (26)  $  (49)  $  (16)  Common Stock issued in connection with employee and director plans, net of  tax withheld  34  24  8  Repurchases of common stock  (38)  -  (38)  Reacquired common stock - employee and director plans  (10)  (1)  (3)  Balance, end of year  $  (40)  $  (26)  $  (49)  Total UGI Corporation stockholders' equity  $  6,066  $  5,522  $  4,128  Noncontrolling interests  Balance, beginning of year  $  9  $  9  $  10  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests  1  -  -  Other  (2)  -  (1)  Balance, end of year  $  8  $  9  $  9  Total equity  $  6,074  $  5,531  $  4,137   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

| ## Index to Notes  Note 1 - Nature of Operations  Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  Note 3 - Accounting Changes  Note 4 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers  Note 5 - Acquisitions and Dispositions  Note 6 - Debt  Note 7 - Income Taxes  Note 8 - Employee Retirement Plans  Note 9 - Utility Regulatory Assets and Liabilities and Regulatory Matters  Note 10 - Inventories  Note 11 - Property, Plant and Equipment  Note 12 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets  Note 13 - Equity  Note 14 - Equity-Based Compensation  Note 15 - Partnership Distributions  Note 16 - Leases  Note 17 - Commitments and Contingencies  Note 18 - Fair Value Measurements  Note 19 - Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities  Note 20 - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)  Note 21 - Other Operating Income, Net and Other Non-Operating Income (Expense), Net  Note 22 - Equity Method Investments  Note 23 - Segment Information  Note 24 - Business Transformation Initiatives  Note 25 - Subsequent Events   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 1 - Nature of Operations

UGI is a holding company that, through subsidiaries and affiliates, distributes, stores, transports and markets energy products and related services. In the U.S., we own and operate (1) a retail propane marketing and distribution business; (2) natural gas and  electric  distribution  utilities;  and  (3)  energy  marketing,  midstream  infrastructure,  storage,  natural  gas  gathering  and processing, natural gas production, electricity generation and energy services businesses. In Europe, we market and distribute propane and other LPG, and market other energy products and services.

We conduct a domestic propane marketing and distribution business through AmeriGas Partners. AmeriGas Partners conducts a national  propane  distribution  business  through  its  principal  operating  subsidiary  AmeriGas  OLP.    AmeriGas  Partners  and AmeriGas OLP are Delaware limited partnerships. UGI's wholly owned second-tier subsidiary, AmeriGas Propane, Inc., serves as the general partner of AmeriGas Partners.

UGI International, through subsidiaries and affiliates, conducts (1) an LPG distribution business throughout much of Europe and  (2)  an  energy  marketing  business  in  France,  Belgium,  the  Netherlands  and  the  United  Kingdom.  These  businesses  are conducted  principally  through  our  subsidiaries,  UGI  France,  Flaga,  AvantiGas,  DVEP  and  UniverGas.  See  Note  25  for additional information regarding the October 2022 sale of the United Kingdom energy marketing business and the November 2022 announcement related to the France energy marketing business.

Energy  Services  conducts,  directly  and  through  subsidiaries  and  affiliates,  energy  marketing,  including  RNG,  midstream transmission, LNG storage, natural gas gathering and processing, natural gas and RNG production, electricity generation and energy  services  businesses  primarily  in  the  eastern  region  of  the  U.S.,  eastern  Ohio,  the  panhandle  of  West  Virginia  and

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

California. UGID  owns  electricity  generation  facilities principally located in  Pennsylvania.  Energy  Services  and  its subsidiaries' storage, LNG and portions of its midstream transmission operations are subject to regulation by the FERC.

Upon acquisition of Mountaineer on September, 1, 2021, our Utilities segment includes UGI Utilities and Mountaintop Energy Holdings, LLC. For additional information on the Mountaineer Acquisition, see Note 5. PA Gas Utility serves customers in eastern and central Pennsylvania and in portions of one Maryland county, and Mountaineer serves customers in West Virginia. Electric Utility serves customers in portions of Luzerne and Wyoming counties in northeastern Pennsylvania. PA Gas Utility is subject to regulation by the PAPUC and FERC and, with respect to its customers in Maryland, the MDPSC. Mountaineer is subject to regulation by the WVPSC and FERC.  Electric Utility is subject to regulation by the PAPUC and FERC.

## Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Basis of Presentation

Our  consolidated  financial  statements  are  prepared  in  accordance  with  GAAP.  The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and costs. These estimates are based on management's knowledge of current events, historical experience  and  various  other  assumptions  that  are  believed  to  be  reasonable  under  the  circumstances.  Accordingly,  actual results may be different from these estimates and assumptions.

For purposes of comparability, certain prior-year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current-year presentation. During the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company reclassified certain amounts on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity related to the accounting for the Equity Units issued in May 2021.

## Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of UGI and its controlled subsidiary companies which are majority owned. We report outside ownership interests in other consolidated but less than 100%-owned subsidiaries, as noncontrolling interests. We eliminate intercompany accounts and transactions when we consolidate.

We account for privately held equity securities of entities without readily determinable fair values in which we do not have control, but have significant influence over operating and financial policies, under the equity method. See Note 22 for more information on our equity method investments. Investments in equity securities related to entities in which we do not have significant influence over operating and financial policies are generally initially valued at their cost less impairment (if any) and subsequently remeasured at fair value, as applicable, in accordance with the relevant provisions under GAAP.

## Effects of Regulation

Certain of our subsidiaries account for the financial effects of regulation in accordance with ASC 980. In accordance with this guidance, incurred costs that would otherwise be charged to expense are capitalized and recorded as regulatory assets when it is probable that the incurred costs will be recovered through rates in the future.  Similarly, we recognize regulatory liabilities when  it  is  probable  that  regulators  will  require  customer  refunds  through  future  rates  or  when  revenue  is  collected  from customers for expenditures that have not yet been incurred.  Regulatory assets and liabilities are classified as current if, upon initial recognition, the entire amount related to that item will be recovered or refunded within a year of the balance sheet date. Generally, regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are amortized into expense and income over the periods authorized by the respective regulatory body.  For additional information regarding the effects of rate regulation on our utility operations, see Note 9.

## Fair Value Measurements

The Company applies fair value measurements on a recurring and, as otherwise required under ASC 820, on a nonrecurring basis.  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurements performed on a recurring basis principally relate to derivative instruments and investments held in supplemental executive retirement plan grantor trusts.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three levels. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). A level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement.

We use the following fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels:

- Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that we have the ability to access at the measurement date.
- Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, and inputs that are derived from observable market data by correlation or other means.
- Level 3 - Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability including situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.

Fair  value  is  based  upon  assumptions  that  market  participants  would  use  when  pricing  an  asset  or  liability,  including assumptions about risk and risks inherent in valuation techniques and inputs to valuations.  This includes not only the credit standing of counterparties and credit enhancements but also the impact of our own nonperformance risk on our liabilities.  We evaluate the need for credit adjustments to our derivative instrument fair values. These credit adjustments were not material to the fair values of our derivative instruments.

## Derivative Instruments

Derivative  instruments  are  reported  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets  at  their  fair  values,  unless  the  NPNS  exception  is elected.  The accounting for changes in fair value depends upon the purpose of the derivative instrument, whether it is subject to regulatory ratemaking mechanisms or if it qualifies and is designated as a hedge for accounting purposes.

Certain of our derivative instruments qualify and are designated as cash flow hedges. For cash flow hedges, changes in the fair values of the derivative instruments are recorded in AOCI, to the extent effective at offsetting changes in the hedged item, until earnings  are  affected  by  the  hedged  item.    We  discontinue  cash  flow  hedge  accounting  if  occurrence  of  the  forecasted transaction is determined to be no longer probable. Hedge accounting is also discontinued for derivatives that cease to be highly effective.  We  do  not  designate  our  commodity  and  certain  foreign  currency  derivative  instruments  as  hedges  under  GAAP. Changes in the fair values of these derivative instruments are reflected in net income. Gains and losses on substantially all of the commodity derivative instruments used by Utilities are included in regulatory assets or liabilities because it is probable such gains or losses will be recoverable from, or refundable to, customers. From time to time, we also enter into net investment hedges.  Gains  and  losses  on  net  investment  hedges  that  relate  to  our  foreign  operations  are  included  in  the  cumulative translation adjustment component in AOCI until such foreign net investment is substantially sold or liquidated.

Cash flows from derivative instruments, other than certain cross-currency swaps and net investment hedges, if any, are included in cash flows from operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Cash flows from the interest portion of our  cross-currency  hedges,  if  any,  are  included  in  cash  flows  from  operating  activities  while  cash  flows  from  the  currency portion of such hedges, if any, are included in cash flows from financing activities. Cash flows from net investment hedges, if any, are included in cash flows from investing activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

For a more detailed description of the derivative instruments we use, our accounting for derivatives, our objectives for using them and other information, see Note 19.

## Business Combination Purchase Price Allocations

From time to time, the Company enters into material business combinations. The purchase price is allocated to the various assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair value as of the acquisition date with the residual of the purchase price  allocated  to  goodwill.  Fair  values  of  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  are  based  upon  available  information. Estimating  fair  values  is  generally  subject  to  significant  judgment,  estimates  and  assumptions  especially  with  respect  to

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

intangible assets.  The allocation of the purchase price may be modified up to one year after the acquisition date, under certain circumstances, as more information is obtained about the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

## Foreign Currency Translation

Balance sheets of international subsidiaries are translated into USD using the exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Income statements and equity investee results are translated into USD using an average exchange rate for each reporting period. Where the local currency is the functional currency, translation adjustments are recorded in other comprehensive income. Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are recorded based on exchange rates at the time such transactions arise  with  the  impact  of  subsequent  changes  in  such  rates  reflected  in  the  income  statement.  The  functional  currency  of  a significant portion of our international operations is the euro.

## Revenue Recognition

In accordance with ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue when control of promised goods or services is transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Certain revenues such as revenue from leases, financial instruments and other revenues are not within the scope of ASC 606 because  they  are  not  from  contracts  with  customers.    Such  revenues  are  accounted  for  in  accordance  with  other  GAAP. Revenue-related taxes collected on behalf of customers and remitted to taxing authorities, principally sales and use taxes, are not included in revenues. Gross receipts taxes at Midstream &amp; Marketing, Mountaineer and Electric Utility are presented on a gross basis.  The Company has elected to use the practical expedient to expense the costs to obtain contracts when incurred for contracts that have a term less than one year.  The costs incurred to obtain contracts that have durations of longer than one year are not material. See Note 4 for additional disclosures regarding the Company's revenue from contracts with customers.

## Accounts Receivable

Accounts receivable are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the gross outstanding amount adjusted for an allowance for  doubtful  accounts.  Accounts  receivable  that  are  acquired  are  initially  recorded  at  fair  value  on  the  date  of  acquisition. Provisions for uncollectible accounts are established based upon our collection experience, the assessment of the collectability of specific amounts and the Company's best estimate of current expected credit losses. Accounts receivable are written off in the period in which the receivable is deemed uncollectible.

## LPG Delivery Expenses

Expenses associated with the delivery of LPG to customers of the Partnership and our UGI International operations (including vehicle expenses, expenses of delivery personnel, vehicle repair and maintenance and general liability expenses) are classified as 'Operating and administrative expenses' on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Depreciation expense associated with the Partnership and UGI International delivery vehicles is classified in 'Depreciation and amortization' on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

## Income Taxes

AmeriGas Partners and AmeriGas OLP are not directly subject to federal income taxes. Instead, their taxable income or loss is allocated to the individual partners. We record income taxes on (1) our share of the Partnership's current taxable income or loss and (2) the differences between the book and tax basis of our investment in the Partnership. AmeriGas OLP has subsidiaries which operate in corporate form and are directly subject to federal and state income taxes. Legislation in certain states allows for taxation of partnership income and the accompanying financial statements reflect state income taxes resulting from such legislation.

Utilities  records  deferred  income  taxes  in  the  Consolidated  Statements  of  Income  resulting  from  the  use  of  accelerated  tax depreciation  methods  based  upon  amounts  recognized  for  ratemaking  purposes.  Utilities  also  records  a  deferred  income  tax liability  for  tax  benefits,  principally  the  result  of  accelerated  tax  depreciation  for  state  income  tax  purposes,  that  are  flowed through to ratepayers when temporary differences originate and records a regulatory income tax asset for the probable increase in future revenues that will result when the temporary differences reverse.

We record interest on underpayments and overpayments of income taxes, and income tax penalties, in 'Income tax expense' on the Consolidated Statements of Income.  Interest income or expense recognized in 'Income tax expense' on the Consolidated Statements of Income was not material for all periods presented.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

## Earnings Per Common Share

Basic earnings per share attributable to UGI Corporation stockholders reflect the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share attributable to UGI Corporation include the effects of dilutive stock options, common stock awards and Equity Units. Shares used in computing basic and diluted earnings per share are as follows:

| (Thousands of shares)  2022  2021  2020  Weighted-average common shares outstanding for basic computation  209,940  209,063  208,928  Incremental shares issuable for stock options, common stock awards and  Equity Units (a) (b)  5,881  3,063  941  Weighted-average common shares outstanding for diluted computation  215,821  212,126  209,869   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Fiscal 2022 and 2021 includes the impact of common shares assumed to be outstanding under the if-converted method in connection with the May 2021 issuance of Equity Units (see Note 13).

(b) For  Fiscal  2022,  Fiscal  2021  and  Fiscal  2020  there  were  8,138  shares,  5,267  shares  and  7,056  shares,  respectively, associated with outstanding stock option awards that were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because their effect was antidilutive.

## Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash

Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, cash in banks and highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased. Restricted cash principally represents those cash balances in our commodity futures brokerage accounts that are restricted from withdrawal.

The following table provides a reconciliation of the total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets to the corresponding amounts reported on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

| 2022  2021  2020  Cash and cash equivalents  $  405  $  855  $  336  Restricted cash  64  22  21  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  $  469  $  877  $  357   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Inventories

Our inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We determine cost using an average cost method for nonutility  LPG  and  natural  gas  and  utility  inventories;  specific  identification  for  appliances;  and  the  FIFO  method  for  all  other inventories.

The Company accounts for renewable energy certificates as inventory, which generally represents costs incurred to generate a certificate  for  sale.  The  Company  recognizes  revenue  from  the  sale  of  renewable  energy  certificates  when  control  of  the certificate  is  transferred  to  the  buyer,  and  the  cost  of  the  certificate,  if  any,  is  then  recorded  within  'Cost  of  sales'  on  the Consolidated Statements of Income.

## Property, Plant and Equipment and Related Depreciation

We record property, plant and equipment at the lower of original cost or fair value, if impaired. Capitalized costs include labor, materials and other direct and indirect costs, and for certain operations subject to cost-of-service rate regulation, AFUDC. We also  include  in  property,  plant  and  equipment  costs  associated  with  computer  software  we  develop  or  obtain  for  use  in  our businesses. The amounts assigned to property, plant and equipment of acquired businesses are based upon estimated fair value at date of acquisition. When we retire or otherwise dispose of non-utility plant and equipment, we eliminate the associated cost and accumulated depreciation and recognize any resulting gain or loss in "Other operating income, net" on the Consolidated Statements of Income. For property subject to cost of service rate regulation, upon retirement we charge the original cost to accumulated depreciation for financial accounting purposes. Costs incurred to retire UGI Utilities plant and equipment, net of salvage, are recorded in regulatory assets and amortized over five years, consistent with prior ratemaking treatment.

We record depreciation expense on non-utility plant and equipment on a straight-line basis over estimated economic useful lives.  We  record  depreciation  expense  for  Utilities'  plant  and  equipment  on  a  straight-line  basis  based  upon  the  projected

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

service lives of the various classes of its depreciable property. We classify amortization of computer software and related IT system  installation  costs  included  in  property,  plant  and  equipment  as  depreciation  expense.  No  depreciation  expense  is included in cost of sales on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

## Goodwill and Intangible Assets

Intangible  Assets. We  amortize  intangible  assets  over  their  estimated  useful  lives  unless  we  determine  their  lives  to  be indefinite.    Estimated  useful  lives  of  definite-lived  intangible  assets,  primarily  consisting  of  customer  relationships.  We  test definite-lived  intangible  assets  for  impairment  whenever  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the  associated carrying amounts may be impaired.  Determining whether an impairment loss occurred requires comparing the carrying amount to the estimated fair value of the asset in accordance with ASC 820.  Intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized but are tested for impairment annually (and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances between annual tests indicate that it  is  more  likely  than  not  that  they  are  impaired)  and  written  down  to  fair  value,  if  impaired.  See  Note  12  for  additional information related to an intangible asset impairment recognized in Fiscal 2021.

Goodwill. We do not amortize goodwill, but test it at least annually for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment, or one level below an operating segment (a component) if it constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and regularly reviewed by segment management. Components are aggregated into a single reporting unit if they have similar economic characteristics.  Each of our reporting units with goodwill is required to perform impairment tests annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the value of goodwill may be impaired.

For certain of our reporting units with goodwill, we assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of such reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. For our other reporting units with goodwill, we bypass the qualitative assessment and perform the quantitative assessment by comparing the fair values of the reporting units with their carrying amounts, including goodwill.  If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to such excess but not to exceed the total amount of the goodwill of the reporting unit.

With respect  to  the  AmeriGas  Propane  reporting  unit's  Fiscal  2022  impairment  test,  the  Company  bypassed  the  qualitative assessment and performed a quantitative assessment. Such assessment used a weighting of income and market approaches to determine  fair  value.  For  the  income  approach  we  used  management's  best  estimates  of  future  anticipated  cash  flow performance included in AmeriGas Propane's latest budget and plan, discounted based upon AmeriGas Propane's weighted average cost of debt and equity. We also used valuation multiples to determine an estimated fair value using recent transaction market multiples for retail propane distribution companies in the U.S. Based upon weighting the fair values estimated using the income  and  market  approaches  above,  we  determined  that  AmeriGas  Propane's  fair  value  exceeded  its  carrying  value  by approximately 30%. While the Company believes that its judgments used in the quantitative assessment of AmeriGas Propane's fair value are reasonable based upon currently available facts and circumstances, if AmeriGas Propane were not able to achieve its anticipated results and/or if its weighted average cost of capital were to increase, its fair value would be adversely affected, which may result in an impairment. There is approximately $2 billion of goodwill in this reporting unit as of September 30, 2022.  The  Company  will  continue  to  monitor  its  reporting  units  and  related  goodwill  for  any  possible  future  non-cash impairment charges.

There  were  no  accumulated  goodwill  impairment  losses  at  September  30,  2022  and  2021,  and  no  provisions  for  goodwill impairments were recognized for all periods presented. For further information on our goodwill and intangible assets, see Note 12.

## Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

Impairment testing for long-lived assets (or an asset group) is required when circumstances indicate that such assets may be impaired.  If  it  is  determined  that  a  triggering  event  has  occurred,  we  perform  a  recoverability  test  based  upon  estimated undiscounted  cash  flow  projections  expected  to  be  realized  over  the  remaining  useful  life  of  the  long-lived  asset.  If  the undiscounted cash flows used in the recoverability test are less than the long-lived asset's carrying amount, we determine its fair value.  If the fair value is determined to be less than its carrying amount, the long-lived asset is reduced to its estimated fair value and an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to such shortfall. When determining whether a long-lived asset has been impaired, management groups assets at the lowest level that has identifiable cash flows.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

No  material  provisions  for  impairments  of  long-lived  assets  were  recorded  during  Fiscal  2022.  See  Note  5  for  further information on the losses associated  with  assets  held  for  sale  and  the  dispositions  of  Conemaugh  and  HVAC  during  Fiscal 2020.

## Refundable Tank and Cylinder Deposits

Included in 'Other noncurrent liabilities' on our Consolidated Balance Sheets are customer paid deposits on tanks and cylinders primarily owned by subsidiaries of UGI France of $243 and $296 at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively.  Deposits are refundable to customers when the tanks or cylinders are returned in accordance with contract terms.

## Environmental Matters

We are subject to environmental laws and regulations intended to mitigate or remove the effects of past operations and improve or  maintain  the  quality  of  the  environment.  These  laws  and  regulations  require  the  removal  or  remedy  of  the  effect  on  the environment of the disposal or release of certain specified hazardous substances at current or former operating sites.

Environmental  reserves  are  accrued  when  assessments  indicate  that  it  is  probable  that  a  liability  has  been  incurred  and  an amount  can  be  reasonably  estimated.  Amounts  recorded  as  environmental  liabilities  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets represent our best estimate of costs expected to be incurred or, if no best estimate can be made, the minimum liability associated with  a  range  of  expected  environmental  investigation  and  remediation  costs.  These  estimates  are  based  upon  a  number  of factors including whether the Company will be responsible for such remediation, the scope and cost of the remediation work to be performed, the portion of costs that will be shared with other potentially responsible parties, the timing of the remediation and  possible  impact  of  changes  in  technology,  and  the  regulations  and  requirements  of  local  governmental  authorities.  Our estimated liability for environmental contamination is reduced to reflect anticipated participation of other responsible parties but is  not  reduced  for  possible  recovery  from  insurance  carriers.  Under  GAAP,  if  the  amount  and  timing  of  cash  payments associated with environmental investigation and cleanup are reliably determinable, such liabilities are discounted to reflect the time value of money. We intend to pursue recovery of incurred costs through all appropriate means, including regulatory relief. PA Gas Utility receives ratemaking recognition of environmental investigation and remediation costs associated with in-state environmental  sites.    This  ratemaking  recognition  balances  the  accumulated  difference  between  historical  costs  and  rate recoveries with an estimate of future costs associated with the sites. For further information, see Note 17.

## Loss Contingencies Subject to Insurance

We are subject to risk of loss for general, automobile and product liability, and workers' compensation claims for which we obtain insurance coverage under insurance policies that are subject to self-insured retentions or deductibles. In accordance with GAAP, we record accruals when it is probable that a liability exists and the amount or range of amounts can be reasonably estimated.  When  no  amount  within  a  range  of  possible  loss  is  a  better  estimate  than  any  other  amount  within  the  range, liabilities  recorded  are  based  upon  the  low  end  of  the  range.  For  litigation  and  pending  claims  including  those  covered  by insurance policies, the analysis of probable loss is performed on a case by case basis and includes an evaluation of the nature of the claim, the procedural status of the matter, the probability or likelihood of success in prosecuting or defending the claim, the information  available  with  respect  to  the  claim,  the  opinions  and  views  of  outside  counsel  and  other  advisors,  and  past experience in similar matters. With respect to unasserted claims arising from unreported incidents, we may use the work of specialists to estimate the ultimate losses to be incurred using actuarially determined loss development factors applied to actual claims data. Our estimated reserves for loss contingencies may differ materially from the ultimate liability and such reserves may change materially  as  more  information  becomes  available  and  estimated  reserves  are  adjusted.  We  maintain  insurance coverage  such  that  our  net  exposure  for  claims  covered  by  insurance  would  be  limited  to  the  self-insured  retentions  or deductibles, claims above which would be paid by the insurance carrier. For such claims, we record a receivable related to the amount of the liability expected to be paid by insurance.

## Employee Retirement Plans

We use a market-related value of plan assets and an expected long-term rate of return to determine the expected return on assets of our U.S. pension and other postretirement plans.  The market-related value of plan assets, other than equity investments, is based upon fair values.  The market-related value of equity investments is calculated by rolling forward the prior-year's marketrelated value with contributions, disbursements and the expected return on plan assets.  One third of the difference between the expected and the actual value is then added to or subtracted from the expected value to determine the new market-related value (see Note 8).

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

## Note 3 - Accounting Changes

## New Accounting Standard Adopted in Fiscal 2022

Income Taxes. Effective October 1, 2021, the Company adopted ASU 2019-12, 'Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes' prospectively and retrospectively where deemed applicable. This ASU simplifies the accounting for  income  taxes  by  eliminating  certain  exceptions  within  the  existing  guidance  for  recognizing  deferred  taxes  for  equity method  investments,  performing  intraperiod  allocations  and  calculating  income  taxes  in  interim  periods.  Further,  this  ASU clarifies  existing  guidance  related  to,  among  other  things,  recognizing  deferred  taxes  for  goodwill  and  allocated  taxes  to members  of  a  consolidated  group.  The  adoption  of  the  new  guidance  did  not  have  a  material  impact  on  our  consolidated financial statements.

## New Accounting Standard Adopted Effective October 1, 2022

Debt  and  Derivatives  and  Hedging .  Effective  October  1,  2022,  the  Company  adopted  ASU  2020-06,  'Debt  -  Debt  with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40),'  using  the  modified  retrospective  approach.  The  amendments  in  this  ASU  affect  entities  that  issue  convertible instruments  and/or  contracts  indexed  to  and  potentially  settled  in  an  entity's  own  equity.  This  ASU  reduces  the  number  of accounting  models  for  convertible  debt  instruments  and  convertible  preferred  stock,  expands  disclosure  requirements  for convertible instruments, and simplifies the related earnings per share guidance. The adoption of the new guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

## Note 4 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers

The Company recognizes revenue when control of promised goods or services is transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The Company generally has the  right  to  consideration  from  a  customer  in  an  amount  that  corresponds  directly  with  the  value  to  the  customer  for performance completed to date. As such, we have elected to recognize revenue in the amount to which we have a right to invoice  except  in  the  case  of  certain  of  Utilities'  large  delivery  service  customers  and  Midstream  &amp;  Marketing's  peaking contracts  for  which  we  recognize  revenue  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  term  of  the  contract,  consistent  with  when  the performance obligations are satisfied by the Company.

We do not have a significant financing component in our contracts because we receive payment shortly before, at, or shortly after the transfer of control of the good or service. Because the period between the time the performance obligation is satisfied and payment is received is generally one year or less, the Company has elected to apply the significant financing component practical expedient and no amount of consideration has been allocated as a financing component.

The Company's revenues from contracts with customers are discussed below.

## Utility Revenues

Utilities  supplies  natural  gas  and  electricity  and  provides  distribution  services  of  natural  gas  and  electricity  to  residential, commercial,  and  industrial  customers  who  are  generally  billed  at  standard  regulated  tariff  rates  approved  by  the  regulatory bodies through the ratemaking process.  Tariff rates include a component that provides for a reasonable opportunity to recover operating costs and expenses and to earn a return on net investment, and a component that provides for the recovery, subject to reasonableness reviews, of PGC, PGA and DS costs.

Customers may choose to purchase their natural gas and electricity from Utilities, or, alternatively, may contract separately with alternate suppliers. Accordingly, our contracts with customers comprise two promised goods or services: (1) delivery service of natural gas and electricity through the Company's utility distribution systems and (2) the natural gas or electricity commodity itself  for  those  customers  who  choose  to  purchase  the  natural  gas  or  electricity  directly  from  the  Company.  Revenue  is  not recorded for the sale of natural gas or electricity to customers who have contracted separately with alternate suppliers. For those customers who choose to purchase their natural gas or electricity from the Company, the performance obligation includes both the supply of the commodity and the delivery service.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

The terms of our core market customer contracts are generally considered day-to-day as customers can discontinue service at any time without penalty. Performance obligations are generally satisfied over time as the natural gas or electricity is delivered to customers, at which point the customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided by the delivery service and, when applicable, the commodity.  Amounts are billed to customers based upon the reading of a customer's meter, which occurs on a cycle basis throughout each reporting period.  An unbilled amount is recorded at the end of each reporting period based upon estimated amounts of natural gas or electricity delivered to customers since the date of the last meter reading. These unbilled estimates consider various factors such as historical customer usage patterns, customer rates and weather.

Utilities has certain fixed-term contracts with large commercial and industrial customers to provide natural gas delivery services at  contracted  rates  and  at  volumes  generally  based  on  the  customer's  needs.    The  performance  obligation  to  provide  the contracted delivery service for these large commercial and industrial customers is satisfied over time and revenue is generally recognized on a straight-line basis.

Utilities  makes  off-system  sales  whereby  natural  gas  delivered  to  our  system  in  excess  of  amounts  needed  to  fulfill  our distribution system needs is sold to other customers, primarily other distributors of natural gas, based on an agreed-upon price and  volume  between  the  Company  and  the  counterparty.    Utilities  also  sells  excess  natural  gas  capacity  whereby  interstate pipeline capacity in excess of amounts needed to meet our customer obligations is sold to other distributors of natural gas based upon an agreed-upon rate. Off-system sales and capacity releases are generally entered into one month at a time and comprise the sale of a specific volume of gas or pipeline capacity at a specific delivery point or points over a specific time.  As such, performance obligations associated with off-system sales and capacity release customers are satisfied, and associated revenue is recorded, when the agreed upon volume of natural gas is delivered or capacity is provided, and title is transferred, in accordance with the contract terms.

Electric  Utility  provides  transmission  services  to  PJM  by  allowing  PJM  to  access  Electric  Utility's  electricity  transmission facilities.  In  exchange  for  providing  access,  PJM  pays  Electric  Utility  consideration  determined  by  a  formula-based  rate approved  by  the  FERC.  The  formula-based  rate,  which  is  updated  annually,  allows  recovery  of  costs  incurred  to  provide transmission  services  and  return  on  transmission-related  net  investment.    We  recognize  revenue  over  time  as  we  provide transmission service.

Other Utility revenues represent revenues from other ancillary services provided to customers and are generally recorded as the service is provided to customers.

## Non-Utility Revenues

LPG.    AmeriGas  Propane  and  UGI  International  record  revenue  principally  from  the  sale  of  LPG  to  retail  and  wholesale customers.  The primary performance obligation associated with the sale of LPG is the delivery of LPG to (1) the customer's point of delivery for retail customers and (2) the customer's specified location where LPG is picked up by wholesale customers, at  which point control of the LPG is transferred to the customer, the performance obligation is satisfied, and the associated revenue is recognized.  For contracts with retail customers that consume LPG from a metered tank, we recognize revenue as LPG is consumed, at which point we have the right to invoice, and generally invoice monthly based on consumption.

Contracts with customers comprise different types of contracts with varying length terms, fixed or variable prices, and fixed or variable quantities. Contracts with our residential customers, which comprise a substantial number of our customer contracts, are generally one year or less.  Customer contracts for the sale of LPG include fixed-price, fixed-quantity contracts under which LPG is provided to customers at a fixed price and a fixed volume, and contracts that provide for the sale of LPG at market prices at date of delivery with no fixed volumes. AmeriGas Propane offers contracts that permit customers to lock in a fixed price for their volumes for a fee and also provide customers with the option to pre-buy a fixed amount of LPG at a fixed price. Amounts received under pre-buy arrangements are recorded as a contract liability when received and recorded as revenue when LPG is delivered and control is transferred to the customer.  Fee revenue associated with fixed-price contracts are recorded as contract liabilities and recorded ratably over the contract period.

AmeriGas Propane and UGI International also distribute LPG to customers in portable cylinders. Under certain contracts, filled cylinders are delivered, and control is transferred, to a reseller.  In such instances, the reseller is our customer and we record revenue upon delivery to the reseller. Under other contracts, filled cylinders are delivered to a reseller, but the Company retains control of the cylinders. In such instances, we record revenue at the time the reseller transfers control of the cylinder to the end user.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

Certain  retail  LPG  customers  for  AmeriGas  Propane  receive  credits  which  we  account  for  as  variable  consideration.  We estimate these credits based upon past practices and historical customer experience and we reduce our revenues recognized for these credits.

Energy  Marketing.    Midstream  &amp;  Marketing  and  UGI  International  operate  energy  marketing  businesses  that  sell  energy commodities, principally natural gas and electricity, to residential, commercial, industrial and wholesale customers.

Midstream &amp; Marketing and UGI International market natural gas and electricity on full-requirements or agreed-upon volume bases under contracts with varying length terms and at fixed or floating prices that are based on market indices adjusted for differences  in  price  between  the  market  location  and  delivery  locations.    Performance  obligations  associated  with  these contracts  primarily  comprise  the  delivery  of  the  natural  gas  and  electricity  over  a  contractual  period  of  time.  Performance obligations  also  include  other  energy-related  ancillary  services  provided  to  customers  such  as  capacity.    For  performance obligations that are satisfied at a point in time such as the delivery of natural gas, revenue is recorded when customers take control of the natural gas.  Revenue is recorded for performance obligations that qualify as a series, when customers consume the natural gas or electricity is delivered, which corresponds to the amount invoiced to the customer.  For transactions where the price or volume is not fixed, the transaction price is not determined until delivery occurs.  The billed amount, and the revenue recorded, is based upon consumption by the customer.

Midstream.  Midstream &amp; Marketing provides natural gas pipeline transportation, natural gas gathering, natural gas processing and  natural  gas  underground  storage  services,  which  generally  contain  a  performance  obligation  for  the  Company  to  have availability  to  transport  or  store  a  product.    Additionally,  the  Company  provides  stand-ready  services  to  sell  supplemental energy products and related services, primarily LNG and propane-air mixtures during periods of high demand that typically result from cold weather.  The Company also sells LNG to end-user customers for use by trucks, drilling rigs and other motored vehicles and equipment, and facilities that are located off the natural gas grid.

Contracts for natural gas transportation and gathering services are typically long-term contracts with terms of up to 30 years, while contracts for storage are typically for one-year or multiple storage season periods. Contracts to provide natural gas during periods of high demand have terms of up to 15 years. Contracts to sell LNG for trucks, drilling rigs and other motor vehicles and facilities are typically short-term (less than one year). Depending on the type of services provided or goods sold, midstream revenues  may  consist  of  demand  rates,  commodity  rates,  and  transportation  rates  and  may  include  other  fees  for  ancillary services.  Pipeline  transportation,  natural  gas  gathering  and  storage  services  provided  and  services  to  stand  ready  to  sell supplemental energy products and services each are considered to have a single performance obligation satisfied through the passage of time ratably based upon providing a stand-ready service generally on a monthly basis.  Contracts to sell LNG to enduser customers contain performance obligations to deliver LNG over the term of the contract and revenue is recognized at a point in time when the control of the energy products is transferred to the customer.  The price in the contract corresponds to our  efforts  to  satisfy  the  performance  obligation  and  reflects  the  consideration  we  expect  to  receive  for  the  satisfied performance  obligation,  and,  therefore,  the  revenue  is  recognized  based  on  the  volume  delivered  and  the  price  within  the contract.  In cases where shipping and handling occurs prior to the LNG being delivered to the customer's storage vessel, we have elected to treat this as a cost of fulfillment and not a separate performance obligation.  Revenues are typically billed and payment received monthly. Advance fees received from customers for stand-ready services are deferred as contract liabilities and revenue is recognized ratably over time as the performance obligation is satisfied over a period less than one year.

Electricity  Generation.    Midstream  &amp;  Marketing  sells  power  generated  from  electricity  generation  assets  in  the  wholesale electricity markets administered by PJM regional transmission organization.  Power contracts with PJM consist of the sale of power, capacity and ancillary services, all of which are considered a bundle of various services.  Performance obligations are satisfied over time, generally on a daily basis, as electricity is delivered to and simultaneously consumed by the customer.  As such,  the  Company has elected to recognize revenue in the amount to which we have a right to invoice which is based on market prices at the time of the delivery of the electricity to the customers.

Other.  Other  revenues  from  contracts  with  customers  are  generated  primarily  from  services  and  products  provided  by Midstream &amp; Marketing's HVAC business, prior to its sale in September 2020, and AmeriGas Propane's parts and services business. The performance obligations of these businesses include installation, repair and warranty agreements associated with HVAC equipment and installation services provided for combined heat and power and solar panel installations. For installation and repair goods and services, the performance obligations under these contracts are satisfied, and revenue is recognized, as control of the product is transferred or the services are rendered. For warranty services, revenue is recorded ratably over the warranty  period.    Other  LPG  revenues  from  contracts  with  customers  are  generated  primarily  from  certain  fees  AmeriGas Propane and UGI International charge associated with the delivery of LPG, including hazmat safety compliance, inspection,

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

metering, installation,  fuel  recovery  and  certain  other  services.  Revenues  from  fees  are  typically  recorded  when  the  LPG  is delivered to the customer or the associated service is completed.

## Revenue Disaggregation

The following  tables  present  our  disaggregated  revenues  by  reportable  segment  during  Fiscal  2022,  Fiscal  2021  and  Fiscal 2020:

| 2022  Total  Eliminations  (a)  AmeriGas  Propane  UGI  International  Midstream  &amp; Marketing  Utilities  Corporate  &amp; Other  Revenues from contracts with customers:  Utility:  Core Market:  Residential  $  875  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  875  $  -  Commercial &amp; Industrial  365  -  -  -  -  365  -  Large delivery service  171  -  -  -  -  171  -  Off-system sales and capacity releases  76  (104)  -  -  -  180  -  Other  23  (1)  -  -  -  24  -  Total Utility  1,510  (105)  -  -  -  1,615  -  Non-Utility:  LPG:  Retail  4,436  -  2,439  1,997  -  -  -  Wholesale  496  -  218  278  -  -  -  Energy Marketing  2,951  (264)  -  1,298  1,917  -  -  Midstream:  Pipeline  211  -  -  -  211  -  -  Peaking  48  (105)  -  -  153  -  -  Other  9  -  -  -  9  -  -  Electricity Generation  34  -  -  -  34  -  -  Other  286  -  207  79  -  -  -  Total Non-Utility  8,471  (369)  2,864  3,652  2,324  -  -  Total revenues from contracts with  customers  9,981  (474)  2,864  3,652  2,324  1,615  -  Other revenues (b)  125  (3)  79  34  2  5  8  Total revenues  $  10,106  $  (477)  $  2,943  $  3,686  $  2,326  $  1,620  $  8   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

| 2021  Total  Eliminations  (a)  AmeriGas  Propane  UGI  International  Midstream  &amp; Marketing  Utilities  Corporate  &amp; Other  Revenues from contracts with customers:  Utility:  Core Market:  Residential  $  568  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  568  $  -  Commercial &amp; Industrial  218  -  -  -  -  218  -  Large delivery service  148  -  -  -  -  148  -  Off-system sales and capacity releases  51  (62)  -  -  -  113  -  Other  21  (2)  -  -  -  23  -  Total Utility  1,006  (64)  -  -  -  1,070  -  Non-Utility:  LPG:  Retail  3,957  -  2,203  1,754  -  -  -  Wholesale  328  -  139  189  -  -  -  Energy Marketing  1,564  (126)  -  605  1,085  -  -  Midstream:  Pipeline  181  -  -  -  181  -  -  Peaking  16  (98)  -  -  114  -  -  Other  8  -  -  -  8  -  -  Electricity Generation  13  -  -  -  13  -  -  Other  275  -  206  69  -  -  -  Total Non-Utility  6,342  (224)  2,548  2,617  1,401  -  -  Total revenues from contracts with  customers  7,348  (288)  2,548  2,617  1,401  1,070  -  Other revenues (b)  99  (3)  66  34  5  9  (12)  Total revenues  $  7,447  $  (291)  $  2,614  $  2,651  $  1,406  $  1,079  $  (12)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

| 2020  Total  Eliminations  (a)  AmeriGas  Propane  UGI  International  Midstream  &amp; Marketing  Utilities  Corporate  &amp; Other  Revenues from contracts with customers:  Utility:  Core Market:  Residential  $  563  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  563  $  -  Commercial &amp; Industrial  215  -  -  -  -  215  -  Large delivery service  142  -  -  -  -  142  -  Off-system sales and capacity releases  48  (45)  -  -  -  93  -  Other  14  (2)  -  -  -  16  -  Total Utility  982  (47)  -  -  -  1,029  -  Non-Utility:  LPG:  Retail  3,499  -  2,037  1,462  -  -  -  Wholesale  211  -  63  148  -  -  -  Energy Marketing  1,233  (79)  -  434  878  -  -  Midstream:  Pipeline  168  -  -  -  168  -  -  Peaking  6  (100)  -  -  106  -  -  Other  7  -  -  -  7  -  -  Electricity Generation  34  -  -  -  34  -  -  Other  312  (3)  215  60  40  -  -  Total Non-Utility  5,470  (182)  2,315  2,104  1,233  -  -  Total revenues from contracts with  customers  6,452  (229)  2,315  2,104  1,233  1,029  -  Other revenues (b)  107  (3)  66  23  14  1  6  Total revenues  $  6,559  $  (232)  $  2,381  $  2,127  $  1,247  $  1,030  $  6   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Includes intersegment revenues principally among Midstream &amp; Marketing, Utilities and AmeriGas Propane.

(b) Primarily represents revenues from tank rentals at AmeriGas Propane and UGI International, rental revenues from certain assets  at  Midstream  &amp;  Marketing,  revenues  from  alternative  revenue  programs  at  Utilities,  and  gains  and  losses  on commodity derivative instruments not associated with current-period transactions reflected in Corporate &amp; Other, none of which are within the scope of ASC 606 and are accounted for in accordance with other GAAP.

## Contract Balances

The  timing  of  revenue  recognition  may  differ  from  the  timing  of  invoicing  to  customers  or  cash  receipts.    Contract  assets represent our right to consideration after the performance obligations have been satisfied when such right is conditioned on something other than the passage of time.  Contract assets were not material at September 30, 2022 and 2021.  Substantially all of  our  receivables  are  unconditional  rights  to  consideration  and  are  included  in  'Accounts  receivable'  and,  in  the  case  of Utilities,  'Accrued  utility  revenues'  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets.    Amounts  billed  are  generally  due  within  the following month.

Contract liabilities arise when payment from a customer is received before the performance obligations have been satisfied and represent the Company's obligations to transfer goods or services to a customer for which we have received consideration.  The balances of contract liabilities were $164 and $149 at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are primarily included in 'Deposits  and  Advances'  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets.    Revenues  recognized  during  Fiscal  2022,  Fiscal  2021  and Fiscal 2020 from the amount included in contract liabilities at September 30, 2021, September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019 was $119, $138 and $122, respectively.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

## Remaining Performance Obligations

The Company excludes disclosures related to the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to certain performance obligations that are unsatisfied as of the end of the reporting period because these contracts have an initial expected term of one year or less, or we have a right to bill the customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the value of services provided to the  customer  to  date.    Certain  contracts  with  customers  at  Midstream  &amp;  Marketing  and  Utilities  contain  minimum  future performance obligations through 2047 and 2053, respectively.  At September 30, 2022, Midstream &amp; Marketing and Utilities expect  to  record  approximately  $2.4  billion  and  $0.2  billion  of  revenues,  respectively,  related  to  the  minimum  future performance obligations over the remaining terms of the related contracts.

## Note 5 - Acquisitions and Dispositions

## Mountaineer Acquisition

On  September  1,  2021,  UGI  completed  the  Mountaineer  Acquisition  in  which  UGI  acquired  all  of  the  equity  interests  in Mountaineer,  the  largest  natural  gas  distribution  company  in  West  Virginia,  for  a  purchase  price  of  $540,  including  the assumption  of  $140  principal  amounts  of  long-term  debt.  The  Mountaineer  Acquisition  was  consummated  pursuant  to  a purchase  and  sale  agreement  between  UGI  and  the  iCON  Sellers  and  is  consistent  with  our  growth  strategies,  including expanding our core utility operations in the mid-Atlantic region. The Mountaineer Acquisition was funded with cash proceeds from the 2021 UGI Corporation Senior Credit Facility $215 term loan and cash on hand including proceeds from the issuance of Equity Units. Accounts associated with Mountaineer are included within our Utilities reportable segment.

The Company has accounted for the Mountaineer Acquisition using the acquisition method. During Fiscal 2022, the Company recorded  an  adjustment  to  decrease  goodwill  by  $5  primarily  reflecting  an  adjustment  to  a  valuation  allowance  on  certain deferred income taxes. The Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2022, reflects the final allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed for the Mountaineer Acquisition.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

The components of the Mountaineer purchase price allocations are as follows:

| Assets acquired:  Cash and cash equivalents  $  3  Accounts receivable  14  Inventories  41  Other current assets  21  Property, plant and equipment  397  Other noncurrent assets  48  Total assets acquired  $  524  Liabilities assumed:  Short-term borrowings  $  55  Accounts payable  20  Other current liabilities  52  Long-term debt  164  Pension and other postretirement benefit obligation  33  Deferred income taxes  21  Other noncurrent liabilities  29  Total liabilities assumed  $  374  Goodwill  250  Net consideration transferred  $  400   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Mountaineer is a regulated entity which accounts for the financial effects of regulation in accordance with ASC 980. The effects of regulation can impact the fair value of certain assets and liabilities acquired, and as such, the measurement of the fair value of regulated property assets using the predecessor's carrying value is generally accepted since regulation attaches to the assets and regulation is so pervasive that the regulation extends to the individual assets. In certain other instances where assets or liabilities are subject to rate recovery, we recorded fair value adjustments to such assets and liabilities as regulatory assets and liabilities.

The excess of  the  purchase  price  for  the  Mountaineer  Acquisition  over  the  fair  values  of  the  assets  acquired  and  liabilities assumed has been reflected as goodwill, assigned to the Utilities reportable segment. Goodwill is attributable to the assembled workforce of Mountaineer, planned customer growth and planned growth in rate base through continued investment in utility infrastructure.  The  goodwill  recognized  from  the  Mountaineer  Acquisition  is  not  expected  to  be  deductible  for  income  tax purposes.

The Company recognized $13 of direct transaction-related  costs  associated  with  the  Mountaineer  Acquisition  during  Fiscal 2021, which costs are reflected in 'Operating and administrative expenses' on the 2021 Consolidated Statement of Income. The Mountaineer Acquisition did not have a material impact on the Company's revenues or net income attributable to UGI for Fiscal 2021.  In addition, the impact of the Mountaineer Acquisition on a pro forma basis as if the Mountaineer Acquisition had occurred on October 1, 2019 was not material to the Company's revenues or net income for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020.

## Other Acquisitions

During Fiscal 2021, UGI International acquired several LPG retail businesses and an energy marketing business in Europe. During Fiscal 2020, Energy Services acquired GHI, a Houston, Texas-based renewable natural gas company currently doing business in California.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

Total cash paid and liabilities incurred in connection with these acquisitions were as follows:

| 2021  2020  UGI  International  Midstream  &amp; Marketing  Total cash paid  $  18  $  16  Liabilities incurred  -  7  Total purchase price  $  18  $  23   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Acquisitions of Assets

Pennant . As of  September  30,  2021,  Energy  Services  held  a  47%  membership  interest  in  Pennant,  a  natural  gas  gathering system  located  in  northeast  Ohio  and  western  Pennsylvania.  During  Fiscal  2022,  UGI  through  its  wholly  owned  indirect subsidiary, Energy Services, completed the Pennant Acquisition in which Energy Services acquired the remaining 53% of the equity  interests  in  Pennant  for  total  cash  consideration  of  approximately  $61.    The  Pennant  Acquisition  was  funded  using available cash. The acquisition of the remaining interests has been accounted for as an acquisition of assets, and the purchase price  has  been  primarily  allocated  to  property,  plant  and  equipment.  See  Note  22  for  additional  information  related  to  the acquired interest in Pennant.

Stonehenge . On  January  27,  2022,  UGI  through  its  wholly  owned  indirect  subsidiary,  Energy  Services,  completed  the Stonehenge Acquisition in which Energy Services acquired all of the equity interests in Stonehenge for total cash consideration of approximately $190. The Stonehenge business includes a natural gas gathering system, located in western Pennsylvania, with more than 47 miles of pipeline and associated compression assets. The Stonehenge Acquisition is consistent with our growth strategies, including expanding our midstream natural gas gathering assets within the Appalachian basin production region. The Stonehenge Acquisition was funded using available cash. This transaction has been accounted for as an acquisition of assets, and the purchase price has been primarily allocated to property, plant and equipment. We refer to Stonehenge and its assets as 'UGI Moraine East.'

## Dispositions

Conemaugh. In  July  2020,  Energy  Services,  through  a  wholly  owned  subsidiary,  entered  into  an  agreement  to  sell  its approximate 5.97% ownership interest in Conemaugh. As a result, the Company reduced the carrying amount of these assets to their fair values during the third quarter of Fiscal 2020 and recognized a non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge of $52 which amount is reflected in 'Loss on disposals of Conemaugh and HVAC' on the 2020 Consolidated Statement of Income. The fair value of such assets was based upon the agreed upon sales price, and was determined to be a Level 2 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The sale was completed on September 30, 2020.

HVAC. In September 2020, Enterprises entered into an agreement to sell its HVAC business. As a result, the Company reduced the carrying amount of these assets to their fair values during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2020 and recognized a non-cash, pretax  loss  on  disposal  of  $2  which  amount  is  reflected  in  'Loss  on  disposals  of  Conemaugh  and  HVAC'  on  the  2020 Consolidated  Statement  of  Income.  The  fair  value  of  such  assets  was  based  upon  the  agreed  upon  sales  price,  and  was determined to be a Level 2 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The sale was completed on September 30, 2020.

## Note 6 - Debt

## Significant Financing Activities Since September 30, 2021

Mountaineer Credit Agreement. On October 20, 2022, Mountaineer entered into the Mountaineer 2023 Credit Agreement, as borrower, with a group of lenders. The Mountaineer 2023 Credit Agreement amends and restates a previous credit agreement and provides for borrowings up to $150, including a $20 sublimit for letters of credit. Mountaineer may request an increase in the amount of loan commitments to a maximum aggregate amount of $250, subject to certain terms and conditions. Borrowings under the Mountaineer 2023 Credit Agreement can be used to finance the working capital needs of Mountaineer and for general corporate  purposes.  The  Mountaineer  2023  Credit  Agreement  is  scheduled  to  expire  in  November  2024,  with  an  option  to extend the maturity date.

AmeriGas Propane. On September 28, 2022, AmeriGas Propane entered into the 2022 AmeriGas OLP Credit Agreement, as borrower,  with  a  group  of  lenders.  In  connection  with  the  entering  into  of  the  2022  AmeriGas  OLP  Credit  Agreement,  the

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

borrower  paid  off  in  full  and  terminated  the  existing  AmeriGas  OLP  Credit  Agreement.  The  2022  AmeriGas  OLP  Credit Agreement provides for borrowings up to $600, including a $100 sublimit for letters of credit. AmeriGas Propane may request an increase in the amount of loan commitments under the 2022 AmeriGas OLP Credit Agreement to a maximum aggregate amount of $900, subject to certain terms and conditions. Borrowings under the 2022 AmeriGas OLP Credit Agreement can be used to fund acquisitions and investments and for general corporate purposes. The 2022 AmeriGas OLP Credit Agreement is scheduled to expire in September 2026.

UGI Utilities. On July 12, 2022, UGI Utilities amended the Utilities Term Loan. The amendment extended the maturity date of the loan from October 2022 to July 2027, among other things. The current amount outstanding under the Utilities Term Loan remains unchanged and is payable in quarterly installments of $2, with the balance of the principal being due and payable in full at maturity. We have entered into an interest rate swap that will generally fix the underlying market-based interest rate on this variable-rate loan through June 2026.

On June 30, 2022, UGI Utilities entered into a note purchase agreement which provides for the private placement of (1) $90 aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes due July 15, 2032 and (2) $85 aggregate principal amount of 4.99% Senior Notes due September 15, 2052. On July 15, 2022, UGI Utilities issued $90 aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes pursuant  to  the  note  purchase  agreement.  On  September  15,  2022,  UGI  Utilities  issued  $85  aggregate  principal  amount  of 4.99% Senior Notes pursuant to the note purchase agreement. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 4.75% Senior Notes and 4.99% Senior Notes were used to reduce short-term borrowings and for general corporate purposes.

Mountaineer. On June 30, 2022, Mountaineer entered into a note purchase agreement which provides for the private placement of $40 aggregate principal amount of 4.49% Senior Notes due August 16, 2052. On August 16, 2022, Mountaineer issued $40 aggregate principal amount of 4.49% Senior Notes pursuant to the note purchase agreement. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 4.49% Senior Notes were used to reduce short-term borrowings and for general corporate purposes .

UGI International. On December 7, 2021, UGI International, LLC issued, in an underwritten private placement, €400 principal amount of the UGI International 2.50% Senior Notes due December 1, 2029. The UGI International 2.50% Senior Notes rank equal in right of payment with indebtedness issued under the UGI International Credit Facilities Agreement.

The net proceeds from the UGI International 2.50% Senior Notes were used (1) to repay all of the UGI International 3.25% Senior  Notes  due  November  1,  2025  and  associated  fees  and  expenses  and  (2)  for  general  corporate  purposes.  We  have designated the UGI International 2.50% Senior Notes as a net investment hedge. In connection with this early repayment of debt,  UGI  International  recognized  a  pre-tax  loss  of  $11,  which  is  reflected  in  'Loss  on  extinguishment  of  debt'  on  the Consolidated  Statements  of  Income,  and  primarily  comprises  the  write-off  of  unamortized  debt  issuance  costs  and  early redemption premiums.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

## Credit Facilities and Short-term Borrowings

Information about the Company's principal credit agreements (excluding the Energy Services Receivables Facility, which is discussed  below)  as  of  September  30,  2022  and  2021,  is  presented  in  the  following  table.  Borrowings  on  these  credit agreements bear interest at rates indexed to short-term market rates. Borrowings outstanding under these agreements (other than the 2021 UGI Corporation Senior Credit Facility and its predecessor agreement) are classified as 'Short-term borrowings' on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

| Expiration Date  Total  Capacity  Borrowings  Outstanding  Letters of  Credit and  Guarantees  Outstanding  Available  Borrowing  Capacity  Weighted  Average  Interest  Rate - End  of Year  September 30, 2022  AmeriGas OLP (a)  September 2026  $  600  $  131  $  2  $  467  7.27 %  UGI International, LLC (b)  October 2023  €  300  €  -  €  -  €  300  N.A.  Energy Services (c)  March 2025  $  260  $  -  $  -  $  260  N.A.  UGI Utilities (d)  June 2024  $  350  $  151  $  -  $  199  4.37 %  Mountaineer (e)  November 2024  $  100  $  85  $  -  $  15  3.82 %  UGI Corporation (f)  August 2024  $  300  $  252  $  -  $  48  5.62 %  September 30, 2021  AmeriGas OLP (a)  December 2022  $  600  $  170  $  60  $  370  2.58 %  UGI International, LLC (b)  October 2023  €  300  €  -  €  -  €  300  N.A.  Energy Services (c)  March 2025  $  260  $  -  $  -  $  260  N.A.  UGI Utilities (d)  June 2024  $  350  $  130  $  -  $  220  1.35 %  Mountaineer (e)  November 2024  $  100  $  67  $  -  $  33  N.M.  UGI Corporation (f)  August 2024  $  300  $  185  $  -  $  115  3.27 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) At  September  30,  2022  the  2022  AmeriGas  OLP  Credit  Agreement  includes  a  $100  sublimit  for  letters  of  credit.  At September 30, 2021 the AmeriGas OLP Credit Agreement included a $150 sublimit for letters of credit.

(b) The UGI International Credit Facilities Agreement permits UGI International, LLC to borrow in euros or USD.

(c) The Energy Services Credit Agreement includes a $50 sublimit for letters of credit and is guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of Energy Services.

(d) The UGI Utilities Credit Agreement includes a $100 sublimit for letters of credit.

(e) The Mountaineer Credit Agreement includes a $20 sublimit for letters of credit.

(f) At September 30, 2022 and 2021, management intended to maintain a substantial portion of amounts outstanding under the 2021  UGI  Corporation  Senior  Credit  Facility  beyond  twelve  months  from  the  respective  balance  sheet  dates.  As  such, borrowings outstanding are classified as 'Long-term debt' on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Subsequent to September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company repaid $87 and $70, respectively, of such borrowings and classified these repayments as 'Current  maturities  of  long-term  debt'  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets.  The  2021  UGI  Corporation  Senior  Credit Facility includes a $10 sublimit for letters of credit.

N.A. - Not applicable

N.M. - Not meaningful

Energy  Services  Receivables  Facility. Energy  Services  has  a  Receivables  Facility  with  an  issuer  of  receivables-backed commercial paper. On October 21, 2022, the expiration date of the Receivables Facility was extended to October 20, 2023. The Receivables Facility provides Energy Services with the ability to borrow up to $150 of eligible receivables during the period October 21, 2022 to April 30, 2023, and up to $75 of eligible receivables during the period May 1, 2023 to October 20, 2023. Energy Services uses the Receivables Facility to fund working capital, margin calls under commodity futures contracts, capital expenditures, dividends and for general corporate purposes.

Under  the  Receivables  Facility,  Energy  Services  transfers,  on  an  ongoing  basis  and  without  recourse,  its  trade  accounts receivable  to  its  wholly  owned,  special  purpose  subsidiary,  ESFC,  which  is  consolidated  for  financial  statement  purposes. ESFC, in turn, has sold and, subject to certain conditions, may from time to time sell, an undivided interest in some or all of the

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

receivables to a major bank.  Amounts sold to the bank are reflected as 'Short-term borrowings' on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  ESFC  was  created  and  has  been  structured  to  isolate  its  assets  from  creditors  of  Energy  Services  and  its  affiliates, including UGI. Trade receivables sold to the bank remain on the Company's balance sheet and the Company reflects a liability equal  to  the  amount  advanced  by  the  bank.    The  Company  records  interest  expense  on  amounts  owed  to  the  bank.  Energy Services continues to service, administer and collect trade receivables on behalf of the bank, as applicable.

Information regarding the amounts of trade receivables transferred to ESFC and the amounts sold to the bank are as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  Trade receivables transferred to ESFC during the year  $  2,221  $  1,353  $  1,046  ESFC trade receivables sold to the bank during the year  $  152  $  308  $  182  ESFC trade receivables - end of year (a)  $  101  $  61  $  50   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) At September 30, 2022 and 2021, there were no ESFC trade receivables sold to the bank.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

## Long-term Debt

Long-term debt comprises the following at September 30:

| AmeriGas Propane:  AmeriGas Partners Senior Notes:  5.50% due May 2025  $  700  $  700  5.875% due August 2026  675  675  5.625% due May 2024  675  675  5.75% due May 2027  525  525  Other  -  1  Unamortized debt issuance costs  (12)  (16)  Total AmeriGas Propane  2,563  2,560  UGI International:  3.25% Senior Notes due November 2025  -  405  2.50% Senior Notes due December 2029  392  -  UGI International, LLC variable-rate term loan due October 2023 (a)  294  347  Other  2  23  Unamortized debt issuance costs  (6)  (5)  Total UGI International  682  770  Midstream &amp; Marketing:  Energy Services variable-rate term loan due through August 2026 (b)  677  684  Other  40  42  Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs  (7)  (10)  Total Energy Services  710  716  Utilities:  Senior Notes:  4.12% due September 2046  200  200  4.98% due March 2044  175  175  3.12% due April 2050  150  150  4.55% due February 2049  150  150  4.12% due October 2046  100  100  6.21% due September 2036  100  100  2.95% due June 2026  100  100  1.59% due June 2026  100  100  1.64% due September 2026  75  75  4.75% due July 2032  90  -  4.99% due September 2052  85  -  Medium-Term Notes:  6.13% due October 2034  20  20  6.50% due August 2033  20  20  Mountaineer senior notes (c)  201  164  Variable-rate term loan due through July 2027 (d)  95  102  Other  1  1  Unamortized debt issuance costs  (6)  (6)  Total UGI Utilities  1,656  1,451  UGI Corporation:  UGI Corporation revolving credit facility maturing August 2024 (e)  252  185  UGI Corporation variable-rate term loan due May 2025 (f)  300  300  UGI Corporation variable-rate term loan due through August 2024 (g)  250  250  UGI Corporation variable-rate term loan due May 2025 (h)  215  215  Unamortized debt issuance costs  (2)  (5)  Total UGI Corporation  1,015  945  Other  6  7  Total long-term debt  6,632  6,449  Less: current maturities  (149)  (110)  Total long-term debt due after one year  $  6,483  $  6,339  2022  2021   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

- (a) The effective interest rate on the term loan was 1.89% at both September 30, 2022 and 2021. We have entered into payfixed, receive-variable interest rate swaps to effectively fix the underlying variable rate on these borrowings.
- (b) At September 30, 2022 and 2021, the effective interest rates on the term loan were 5.13% and 5.23%, respectively. We have entered into a pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swap to effectively fix the underlying variable rate on these borrowings. Term loan borrowings are due in equal quarterly installments of $2, with the balance of the principal being due in full at maturity. Under certain circumstances, Energy Services is required to make additional principal payments if the consolidated  total  leverage  ratio,  as  defined,  is  greater  than  defined  thresholds.  This  term  loan  is  collateralized  by substantially all of the assets of Energy Services, subject to certain exceptions and carveouts including, but not limited to, accounts receivable and certain real property.
- (c) Total long-term debt at September 30, 2022 and 2021, comprises $180 and $140 principal amount of Mountaineer senior secured notes plus unamortized premium of $21 and $24, respectively. The face interest rates on the Mountaineer senior notes range from 3.50% to 4.49%, with maturities ranging from 2027 to 2052.
- (d) At September 30, 2022 and 2021, the effective interest rate on this term loan was 3.92% and 4.00%, respectively. We have entered  into  a  pay-fixed,  receive-variable  interest  rate  swap  to  effectively  fix  the  underlying  variable  rate  on  these borrowings. Term loan borrowings are due in equal quarterly installments of $2, with the balance of the principal being due in full at maturity.
- (e) At  September  30,  2022  and  2021,  the  effective  interest  rates  on  credit  facility  borrowings  were  5.61%  and  3.27%, respectively. We have entered into pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swaps to effectively fix the underlying variable rate on a portion of these borrowings.
- (f) At September 30, 2022 and 2021, the effective interest rates on the term loan was 2.67% and 3.26%, respectively. We have entered  into  pay-fixed,  receive-variable  interest  rate  swaps  to  effectively  fix  the  underlying  variable  rate  on  these borrowings.
- (g) At September 30, 2022 and 2021, the effective interest rates on the term loan were 4.15% and 3.56%, respectively.  We have entered into pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swaps to effectively fix the underlying variable rate on a portion of these borrowings. Term loan borrowings are due in equal quarterly installments of $9, commencing December 2022, with the balance of the principal being due in full at maturity.
- (h) At September 30, 2022 and 2021, the effective interest rates on the term loan were 3.53% and 1.88%. We have entered into pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swaps to effectively fix the underlying variable rate on these borrowings.

Scheduled principal repayments of long-term debt for each of the next five fiscal years ending September 30 are as follows:

| 2023  2024  2025  2026  2027  AmeriGas Propane  $  -  $  675  $  700  $  675  $  525  UGI International  1  294  -  -  -  Midstream &amp; Marketing  10  7  7  656  -  Utilities  7  6  6  281  70  UGI Corporation (a)  125  377  515  -  -  Other  6  -  -  -  -  Total  $  149  $  1,359  $  1,228  $  1,612  $  595   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)  Subsequent to September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company repaid $87 and $70, respectively, of borrowings on the UGI Corporation revolving credit facility maturing August 2024. Such repayments are classified as 'Current maturities of longterm debt' on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

## Restrictive Covenants

Our long-term debt and credit facility agreements generally contain customary covenants and default provisions which may include,  among  other  things,  restrictions  on  the  incurrence  of  additional  indebtedness  and  also  restrict  liens,  guarantees, investments, loans and advances, payments, mergers, consolidations, asset transfers, transactions with affiliates, sales of assets, acquisitions  and  other  transactions.  These  agreements  contain  standard  provisions  which  require  compliance  with  certain financial ratios. UGI and its subsidiaries were in compliance with all debt covenants as of September 30, 2022.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

## Restricted Net Assets

At September 30, 2022, the amount of net assets of UGI's consolidated subsidiaries that were restricted from transfer to UGI under debt agreements, subsidiary partnership agreements and regulatory requirements under foreign laws totaled approximately $2,900.

## Note 7 - Income Taxes

Income before income taxes comprises the following:

| 2022  2021  2020  Domestic  $  362  $  647  $  424  Foreign  1,025  1,342  243  Total income before income taxes  $  1,387  $  1,989  $  667   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The provisions for income taxes consist of the following:

| 2022  2021  2020  Current expense (benefit):  Federal  $  24  $  (48)  $  (85)  State  18  7  4  Foreign  50  85  70  Total current expense (benefit)  92  44  (11)  Deferred expense (benefit):  Federal  45  168  135  State  (17)  48  19  Foreign  193  262  (8)  Total deferred expense  221  478  146  Total income tax expense  $  313  $  522  $  135   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Federal income taxes for Fiscal 2022 are net of foreign tax credits of $5. There were none utilized in Fiscal 2021 or Fiscal 2020.

A reconciliation from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to our effective tax rate is as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  U.S. federal statutory tax rate  21.0 %  21.0 %  21.0 %  Difference in tax rate due to:  Effects of U.S. tax legislation  -  (0.8)  (4.7)  Effects of tax rate changes - International  (2.3)  (1.3)  0.3  Effects of tax rate changes - State, net of federal benefit  (1.4)  -  -  State income taxes, net of federal benefit  1.5  1.9  2.8  Valuation allowance adjustments  (0.5)  1.0  -  Effects of foreign operations  4.4  4.6  1.3  Excess tax benefits on share-based payments  (0.3)  (0.1)  (0.2)  Other, net  0.2  (0.1)  (0.3)  Effective tax rate  22.6 %  26.2 %  20.2 %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  July  2022,  tax  legislation  was  enacted  in  Pennsylvania  reducing  the  state's  corporate  net  income  tax  rate  from  9.99%  to 4.99% over a nine-year period, beginning with an initial reduction to 8.99% beginning in Fiscal 2024.  The legislation resulted in a $20 benefit being recorded in Fiscal 2022 based on the Company's analysis of future reversals of net deferred tax liabilities.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

In February 2021, tax legislation was enacted in Italy which allowed the Company to align book basis with tax basis on certain assets in exchange for paying a three percent substitute tax payment payable in three annual installments. This election resulted in a $23 net benefit in Fiscal 2021. Timing of the recovery of the resulting incremental tax basis was changed with legislation in Fiscal 2022 extending the deductible period of recovery from 18 to 50 years.

On March 27, 2020 the CARES Act was enacted into law. The primary impact of the legislation was the change in federal net operating loss carryback rules which allowed the Company's U.S. federal tax losses generated in Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 to be carried back to Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015. The carryback of our Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 U.S. federal tax losses from a 21% rate environment to offset taxable income in Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015 in a 35% rate environment generated incremental benefits of $15 and $32, respectively. A $90 refund claim for the Fiscal 2020 carryback to Fiscal 2015 was filed and has been approved by the IRS, though the actual cash refund was not received in Fiscal 2022. Of the outstanding $90 refund, $75 was received subsequent to Fiscal 2022.  A $37 refund claim for the Fiscal 2021 claim has been filed. Both are included in 'Income taxes  receivable'  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheet  at  September  30,  2022  and  2021.  On  July  20,  2020,  the  Treasury Department issued final regulations under IRC Section 951A permitting a taxpayer to elect to exclude, from its inclusion of GILTI, income subject to a high effective rate of foreign tax. The impact of these final regulations reduced U.S. tax of foreign source income in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020.

Our effective tax rate is subject to the impact of changes to the taxation of foreign source income made by the TCJA and the high tax exception regulations issued in July 2020. Income tax expense for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 includes $3, $8 and $0, respectively, of GILTI taxes that are treated as current period costs and carry no related deferred taxes.

Pennsylvania and West Virginia utility ratemaking practices permit the flow through to ratepayers of state tax benefits resulting from accelerated tax depreciation.  For Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, the beneficial effects of state tax flow through of accelerated depreciation reduced income tax expense by $10, $9, and $11, respectively.

Deferred tax liabilities (assets) comprise the following at September 30:

| 2022  2021  Excess book basis over tax basis of property, plant and equipment  $  867  $  937  Utility regulatory assets  106  105  Intangible assets and goodwill  75  77  Derivative instrument assets  514  322  Other  33  36  Gross deferred tax liabilities  1,595  1,477  Investment in AmeriGas Partners  (79)  (102)  Pension plan liabilities  (21)  (29)  Employee-related benefits  (38)  (45)  Operating loss carryforwards  (48)  (53)  Foreign tax credit carryforwards  (76)  (79)  Utility regulatory liabilities  (85)  (102)  Utility environmental liabilities  (15)  (16)  Other  (125)  (107)  Gross deferred tax assets  (487)  (533)  Deferred tax assets valuation allowance  141  138  Net deferred tax liabilities  $  1,249  $  1,082   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At September 30, 2022, we carried foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $5 relating to Flaga, $30 at certain subsidiaries of UGI France, and $10 in the Netherlands with no expiration dates. We have state net operating loss carryforwards primarily relating  to  certain  subsidiaries  that  approximate  $787  and  expire  through  2042.  We  also  have  federal  operating  loss carryforwards  of  $16  for  Mountaintop  Energy  Holdings,  LLC  and  $6  for  certain  operations  of  AmeriGas  Propane.  At

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

September  30,  2022,  deferred  tax  assets  relating  to  operating  loss  carryforwards  amounted  to  $48  related  to  various  UGI subsidiaries.

Valuation allowances against deferred tax assets exist for foreign tax credit carryforwards, net operating loss carryforwards of foreign subsidiaries, capital loss carryforwards and a notional interest deduction. The valuation allowance for all deferred tax assets increased by $3 in Fiscal 2022, which included a $17 increase in a notional interest deduction carryover, a $4 decrease from state tax rate changes, offset by a release of $6 against FTCs, that will be realizable in the future and a $4 decrease related to foreign net operating loss carry forwards.

The valuation allowance for all deferred tax assets increased by $33 in Fiscal 2021, which included a $30 increase related to future capital losses from the PennEast and Hudson investments, and a $10 increase in a notional interest deduction carryover, partially offset by the release of $10 against FTCs.

We conduct  business  and  file  tax  returns  in  the  U.S.,  numerous  states,  local  jurisdictions  and  in  France  and  certain  other European countries. Our U.S. federal income tax returns are settled through the 2018 tax year, our French tax returns are settled through the 2018 tax year, our Austrian tax returns are settled through 2017 and our other European tax returns are effectively settled for various years from 2014 to 2019. State and other income tax returns in the U.S. are generally subject to examination for a period of three to five years after the filing of the respective returns.

The  Company's  unrecognized  tax  benefits  including  amounts  related  to  accrued  interest,  which  if  subsequently  recognized would  be  recorded  as  a  benefit  to  income  taxes,  amounted  to  $4,  $4,  and  $4  at  September  30,  2022,  2021  and  2020, respectively.  Activity related to these unrecognized tax benefits was not material for all periods presented.

## Note 8 - Employee Retirement Plans

## Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans

The U.S. Pension Plans consist of (1) a defined benefit pension plan for employees hired prior to January 1, 2009, of UGI, UGI Utilities, and certain of UGI's other domestic wholly owned subsidiaries and (2) a defined benefit pension plan for substantially all  Mountaineer employees. U.S. Pension Plans' benefits are based on years of service, age and employee compensation. In addition, certain UGI International employees in France and Belgium are covered by defined benefit pension and postretirement plans. Although the disclosures in the tables below include amounts related to the UGI International plans, such amounts are not material.

We also provide postretirement health care benefits to certain retirees and postretirement life insurance benefits to certain U.S. active and retired employees. The ABO of our other postretirement benefit plans was $22 and $31 as of September 30, 2022 and  2021,  respectively.  The  fair  value  of  the  plan  assets  of  our  other  postretirement  benefit  plans  was  $16  and  $19  as  of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The  following  table  provides  a  reconciliation  of  the  PBOs  of  our  pension  plans  (the  U.S.  Pension  Plans  and  the  UGI International pension plans), plan assets, and the related funded status of our pension plans as of September 30, 2022 and 2021. ABO is  the  present  value  of  benefits  earned  to  date  with  benefits  based  upon  current  compensation  levels.  PBO  is  ABO increased to reflect estimated future compensation.

| Change in benefit obligations:  Benefit obligations - beginning of year  $  870  $  782  Service cost  16  12  Interest cost  26  22  Actuarial gain  (240)  (30)  Plan amendments  1  2  Acquisitions  -  114  Foreign currency  (6)  (1)  Benefits paid  (34)  (31)  Pension Benefits  2022  2021   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

| Benefit obligations - end of year (a)  $  633  $  870  Change in plan assets:  Fair value of plan assets - beginning of year  $  736  $  585  Actual (loss) gain on plan assets  (173)  75  Foreign currency  (3)  -  Employer contributions  15  14  Acquisitions  -  92  Benefits paid  (34)  (30)  Fair value of plan assets - end of year  $  541  $  736  Funded status of the plans - end of year (b)  $  (92)  $  (134)  Amounts recorded in UGI Corporation stockholders' equity (pre-tax):  Prior service cost  $  3  $  3  Net actuarial (gain) loss  (17)  13  Total  $  (14)  $  16  Amounts recorded in regulatory assets and liabilities (pre-tax):  Net actuarial loss  114  108  Total  $  114  $  108  Pension Benefits  2022  2021   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)  The ABO for the U.S. Pension Plans was $570 and $756 as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

(b)  Amounts are reflected in 'Other noncurrent liabilities'  and 'Other assets' on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts reflected in 'Other assets' are not material.

In Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, the change in the pension plans' PBO due to actuarial gains and losses is principally the result of changes in discount rates.

Actuarial  assumptions  for  our  U.S.  Pension  Plans  are  described  below.  The  discount  rate  assumption  was  determined  by selecting a hypothetical portfolio of high quality corporate bonds appropriate to provide for the projected benefit payments of the plans. The discount rate was then developed as the single rate that equates the market value of the bonds purchased to the discounted  value  of  the  plans'  benefit  payments.  The  expected  rate  of  return  on  assets  assumption  is  based  on  current  and expected asset allocations as well as historical and expected returns on various categories of plan assets (as further described below).

| Pension Plans  2022  2021  2020  Weighted-average assumptions:  Discount rate - benefit obligations  5.70 %  3.13 %  2.90 %  Discount rate - benefit cost  3.13 %  2.90 %  3.30 %  Expected return on plan assets  7.10 %  7.10 %  7.20 %  Rate of increase in salary levels  3.25 %  3.25 %  3.25 %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

The service cost component of our pension and other postretirement plans, net of amounts capitalized, is reflected in 'Operating and administrative expenses' on the Consolidated Statements of Income.  The non-service cost components, net of amounts capitalized by Utilities as a regulatory asset, are reflected in 'Other non-operating income (expense), net' on the Consolidated Statements of Income.  Other postretirement benefit cost was not material for all periods presented.  Net periodic pension cost includes the following components:

| Pension Benefits  2022  2021  2020  Service cost  $  16  $  12  $  11  Interest cost  26  22  23  Expected return on assets  (50)  (40)  (38)  Curtailment gain  -  -  (1)  Amortization of:  Prior service cost  -  -  1  Actuarial loss  7  14  15  Net benefit (income) cost  $  (1)  $  8  $  11   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

It is our general policy to fund amounts for U.S. Pension Plans benefits equal to at least the minimum required contribution set forth in applicable employee benefit laws. From time to time, we may, at our discretion, contribute additional amounts. During Fiscal  2022,  Fiscal  2021  and  Fiscal  2020,  we  made  cash  contributions  to  the  U.S.  Pension  Plans  of  $14,  $13  and  $13, respectively.  The minimum required contributions in Fiscal 2023 are not expected to be material.

UGI Utilities has established a VEBA trust to pay certain retiree health care and life insurance benefits by depositing into the VEBA the annual amount of postretirement benefits costs, if any. Assets associated with the VEBA are not material and we do not expect to be required to make any contributions to the VEBA during Fiscal 2023.

Expected payments for postretirement benefits over the next 10 years are not material.  Expected payments for pension benefits are as follows:

| Pension  Benefits  Fiscal 2023  $  37  Fiscal 2024  $  38  Fiscal 2025  $  40  Fiscal 2026  $  41  Fiscal 2027  $  43  Fiscal 2028 - 2032  $  229   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We also sponsor unfunded and non-qualified supplemental executive defined benefit retirement plans. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, the PBOs of these plans, including obligations for amounts held in grantor trusts, totaled $44 and $57, respectively. Costs associated with these plans were not material for all periods presented and are excluded from the tables above. Amounts recorded in UGI's stockholders' equity for these plans include pre-tax losses of $1 and $10 at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, principally representing unrecognized actuarial losses. In Fiscal 2023, the estimated amount that will be amortized from  such  pre-tax  actuarial  losses  into  retiree  benefit  cost  is  not  material.  During  Fiscal  2021,  the  Company  made  $12  of payments for the supplemental executive defined benefit retirement plans. During Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2020, the payments the Company made with respect to the supplemental executive defined benefit retirement plans were not material.  The total fair value of the grantor trust investment assets associated with the supplemental executive defined benefit retirement plans, which are  included  in  'Other  assets'  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets,  totaled  $31  and  $44  at  September  30,  2022  and  2021, respectively.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

## U.S. Pension Plans' Assets

The assets of the U.S. Pension Plans are held in trust. The investment policies and asset allocation strategies for the assets in these trusts are determined by the Retirement Plan Committee comprising certain members of UGI's senior management. The overall investment objective is to minimize projected funded status volatility by more closely aligning the duration of the U.S. Pension Plans' fixed income portfolio to the duration of its liabilities. The proportion of plan assets allocated to fixed income investments will increase as the funded status increases. Investments are made principally in common collective trust funds that consist  of  equity  index  investments,  bond  index  investments  and  short-term  investments,  and,  to  a  much  less  extent,  UGI Common Stock.

The targets and actual allocations for the U.S. Pension Plans' trust assets at September 30 are as follows:

| Actual  Target Asset Allocation (b)  2022  2021  2022  2021  Equity investments:  U.S. equities  26.5 %  22.2 %  24.7 %  25.3 %  Non-U.S. equities  20.9 %  21.7 %  20.9 %  21.4 %  Global equities (a)  13.8 %  16.0 %  13.1 %  13.1 %  Total  61.2 %  59.9 %  58.7 %  59.8 %  Fixed income funds &amp; cash equivalents  35.5 %  36.4 %  35.0 %  34.4 %  Alternative investments  3.3 %  3.7 %  6.3 %  5.8 %  Total  100.0 %  100.0 %  100.0 %  100.0 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)  Comprises investment funds that consist of a mix of U.S. and Non-U.S. equity securities.

(b)  There is a permitted range for the allocation of the trust assets for the U.S. Pension Plans, excluding the defined benefit pension plan for Mountaineer employees, which is 5% less than and greater than the target allocation.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

Common collective trust funds in the U.S. Pension Plans primarily include investments in U.S., Non-U.S. and global (a mix of U.S. and Non-U.S.) equities, fixed income and short-term investments.  The fair values of common collective trust funds and cash equivalents are valued at the NAV of units of the collective trusts.  The NAVs, as provided by the trustee, are used as a practical expedient to estimate fair value based on the fair values of the underlying investments held by the funds less their liabilities.  The  fair  values  of  the  U.S.  Pension  Plans  trust  assets  by  asset  class  as  of  September  30,  2022  and  2021  are  as follows:

| 2022  2021  U.S. Pension Plans:  Domestic equity investments:  UGI Corporation Common Stock  $  26  $  35  Total domestic equity investments (a)  26  35  Common collective trust funds:  U.S. equity index investments  113  124  Non-U.S. equity index investments  110  155  Global equity index investments  72  115  Bond index investments  177  254  Cash equivalents  10  7  Total common collective trust funds (b)  482  655  Alternative investments (b)  17  27  Total  $  525  $  717   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)  Level 1 investments within the fair value hierarchy.

(b)  Assets measured at NAV and therefore excluded from the fair value hierarchy.

The  expected  long-term  rates  of  return  on  U.S.  Pension  Plans'  trust  assets  have  been  developed  using  a  best  estimate  of expected  returns,  volatilities  and  correlations  for  each  asset  class.  The  estimates  are  based  on  historical  capital  market performance data and future expectations provided by independent consultants. Future expectations are determined by using simulations that provide a wide range of scenarios of future market performance. The market conditions in these simulations consider the long-term relationships between equities and fixed income as well as current market conditions at the start of the simulation. The expected rate begins with a risk-free rate of return with other factors being added such as inflation, duration, credit spreads and equity risk premiums. The rates of return derived from this process are applied to our target asset allocation to develop a reasonable return assumption.

## Defined Contribution Plans

We  sponsor  401(k)  savings  plans  for  eligible  employees  of  UGI  and  certain  of  UGI's  domestic  subsidiaries.  Generally, participants in these plans may contribute a portion of their compensation on either a before-tax basis, or on both a before-tax and after-tax basis. These plans also provide for employer matching contributions at various rates. The cost of benefits under the savings plans totaled $21 in Fiscal 2022, $21 in Fiscal 2021 and $21 in Fiscal 2020. The Company also sponsors certain nonqualified supplemental defined contribution executive retirement plans. These plans generally provide supplemental benefits to certain executives that would otherwise be provided under retirement plans but are prohibited due to limitations imposed by the IRC.  The Company makes payments to self-directed grantor trusts with respect to these supplemental defined contribution plans. Such payments during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 were not material. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, the total  fair  values  of  these  grantor  trust  investment  assets,  which  amounts  are  included  in  'Other  assets'  on  the  Consolidated Balance Sheets, were $7 and $9, respectively.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

## Note 9 - Utility Regulatory Assets and Liabilities and Regulatory Matters

The following regulatory assets and liabilities associated with our Utilities reportable segment are included in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30:

| 2022  2021  Regulatory assets (a):  Income taxes recoverable  $  83  $  143  Underfunded pension plans  114  108  Environmental costs  37  58  Deferred fuel and power costs  32  11  Removal costs, net  22  24  Other  52  53  Total regulatory assets  $  340  $  397  Regulatory liabilities (a):  Postretirement benefits  $  11  $  13  Deferred fuel and power refunds  3  36  State income tax benefits - distribution system repairs  38  32  Excess federal deferred income taxes  279  287  Other  4  20  Total regulatory liabilities  $  335  $  388   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Current regulatory assets are recorded in 'Other current assets' on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Regulatory liabilities are recorded in 'Other current liabilities' and 'Other noncurrent liabilities' on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Other than removal costs, Utilities currently  does  not  recover  a  rate  of  return  on  the  regulatory  assets  included  in  the  table above.

Income taxes recoverable .  This regulatory asset is the result of recording deferred tax liabilities pertaining to temporary tax differences principally as a result of the pass through to ratepayers of the tax benefit on accelerated tax depreciation for state income tax purposes, and the flow through of accelerated tax depreciation for federal income tax purposes for certain years prior  to  1981.  These  deferred  taxes  have  been  reduced  by  deferred  tax  assets  pertaining  to  utility  deferred  investment  tax credits. Utilities has recorded regulatory income tax assets related to these deferred tax liabilities representing future revenues recoverable through the ratemaking process over the average remaining depreciable lives of the associated property ranging from 1 to approximately 65 years. The decrease in income taxes recoverable at September 30, 2022 reflects the impact on deferred  Pennsylvania corporate income taxes resulting from changes in Pennsylvania corporate income tax rates for future years signed into law on July 8, 2022 (See Note 7).

Underfunded pension plans . This regulatory asset represents the portion of net actuarial losses and prior service costs (credits) associated with Gas Utility and Electric Utility pension benefits which are probable of being recovered through future rates based  upon  established  regulatory  practices.  These  regulatory  assets  are  adjusted  annually  or  more  frequently  under  certain circumstances when the funded status of the plans is remeasured in accordance with GAAP. These costs are amortized over the average remaining future service lives of plan participants.

Environmental  costs . Environmental  costs  principally  represent  estimated  probable  future  environmental  remediation  and investigation  costs  that  PA  Gas  Utility  expects  to  incur,  primarily  at  MGP  sites  in  Pennsylvania,  in  conjunction  with  a remediation  COA  with  the  PADEP.  Pursuant  to  base  rate  orders,  PA  Gas  Utility  receives  ratemaking  recognition  of  its estimated  environmental  investigation  and  remediation  costs  associated  with  its  environmental  sites.    This  ratemaking recognition balances the accumulated difference between historical costs and rate recoveries with an estimate of future costs associated  with  the  sites.  The  period  over  which  PA  Gas  Utility  expects  to  recover  these  costs  will  depend  upon  future remediation activity.  For additional information on environmental costs, see Note 17.

Removal costs, net . This regulatory asset represents costs incurred, net of salvage, associated with the retirement of depreciable utility plant of UGI Utilities. As required by PAPUC ratemaking, removal costs include actual costs incurred associated with

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

asset retirement obligations. Consistent with prior ratemaking treatment, UGI Utilities expects to recover these costs over five years.

Postretirement benefits . This regulatory liability represents the difference between amounts recovered through rates by PA Gas Utility and Electric Utility and actual costs incurred in accordance with accounting for postretirement benefits. A portion of this liability will be refunded to customers over the average remaining future service lives of plan participants.  Another portion of this  liability  represents  overcollections for which refund periods have been established within ratemaking proceedings. With respect to Gas Utility, postretirement benefit overcollections are generally being refunded to customers over a ten-year period beginning October 19, 2016.  With respect to Electric Utility, the overcollections are being refunded to ratepayers over a 20year period effective October 27, 2018.

Deferred fuel and power - costs and refunds. Utilities' tariffs contain clauses that permit recovery of all prudently incurred purchased  gas  and  power  costs  through  the  application  of  PGC  rates,  PGA  rates  and  DS  tariffs.  These  clauses  provide  for periodic  adjustments  to  PGC,  PGA  and  DS  rates  for  differences  between  the  total  amount  of  purchased  gas  and  electric generation supply costs collected from customers and recoverable costs incurred. Net undercollected costs are classified as a regulatory asset and net overcollections are classified as a regulatory liability.

PA Gas Utility uses derivative instruments to reduce volatility in the cost of gas it purchases for retail core-market customers. Realized and unrealized gains or losses on natural gas derivative instruments are included in deferred fuel and power costs or refunds. Net unrealized gains on such contracts at September 30, 2022 and 2021 were $5 and $35, respectively.

State  income  tax  benefits  -  distribution  system  repairs. This  regulatory  liability  represents  Pennsylvania  state  income  tax benefits, net of federal benefit, resulting from the deduction for income tax purposes of repair and maintenance costs associated with UGI Utilities' assets that are capitalized for regulatory and GAAP reporting. The tax benefits associated with these repair and maintenance deductions will be reflected as a reduction to income tax expense over the remaining tax lives of the related book assets.

Excess federal deferred income taxes. This regulatory liability is the result of remeasuring Utilities' federal deferred income tax liabilities on utility plant due to the enactment of the TCJA on December 22, 2017. In order for our utility assets to continue to be eligible for accelerated tax depreciation, current law requires that excess federal deferred income taxes resulting from the remeasurement be amortized no more rapidly than over the remaining lives of the assets that gave rise to the excess federal deferred income taxes, ranging from 1 year to approximately 65 years. This regulatory liability has been increased to reflect the tax benefit generated by the amortization of the excess deferred federal income taxes and is being amortized and credited to tax expense.

Other . Other regulatory assets and liabilities comprise a number of deferred items including, among others, certain fair value adjustments  related  to  the  Mountaineer  Acquisition,  incremental  expenses  attributable  to  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  certain information technology costs, energy efficiency conservation costs and rate case expenses.

## Other Regulatory Matters

Base Rate Filings. On January 28, 2022, PA Gas Utility filed a request with the PAPUC to increase its base operating revenues for residential, commercial and industrial customers by $83 annually. On September 15, 2022, the PAPUC issued a final order approving a settlement providing for a $49 annual base distribution rate increase for PA Gas Utility, through a phased approach, with $38 beginning October 29, 2022 and an additional $11 beginning October 1, 2023. In accordance with the terms of the final order, PA Gas Utility will not be permitted to file a rate case prior to January 1, 2024. Also in accordance with the terms of the final order, PA Gas Utility is authorized to implement a weather normalization adjustment rider as a 5-year pilot program beginning on the effective date of the new rates. Under this rider, customer billings for distribution services will be adjusted monthly to reflect normal weather conditions if weather deviates more than 3% from normal. Additionally, under the terms of the  final  order,  PA  Gas  Utility  will  be  authorized  to  implement  a  DSIC  once  its  total  property,  plant  and  equipment  less accumulated depreciation reaches $3,368 (which threshold was achieved in September 2022).

On February 8, 2021, Electric Utility filed a rate request with the PAPUC to increase its annual base distribution revenues by $9.  On  October  28,  2021,  the  PAPUC  issued  a  final  Order  approving  a  settlement  that  permitted  Electric  Utility,  effective November 9, 2021, to increase its base distribution revenues by $6.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

On January 28, 2020, PA Gas Utility filed a request with the PAPUC to increase its annual base distribution operating revenues by $75 annually. On October 8, 2020, the PAPUC issued a final Order approving a settlement that permits PA Gas Utility to increase  its  annual  base  distribution  rates  by  $20,  through  a  phased  approach,  with  $10  beginning  January  1,  2021  and  an additional $10 beginning July 1, 2021. Additionally, PA Gas Utility was authorized to implement a DSIC once PA Gas Utility total property, plant and equipment less accumulated depreciation reaches $2,875. This threshold was achieved in December 2020 and PA Gas Utility implemented a DSIC effective April 1, 2021.  The PAPUC's final Order also includes enhanced COVID-19 customer assistance measures, including the establishment of an Emergency Relief Program for a defined set of payment troubled customers ('ERP').  Additionally, the PAPUC's final order permits PA Gas Utility to establish a regulatory asset for certain incremental expenses attributable to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, most notably expenses related to the ERP and uncollectible accounts expense, through the effective date of rates in the next PA Gas Utility base rate case, to be recovered  and  amortized  over  a  10-year  period.  In  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  final  order,  PA  Gas  Utility  was  not permitted to file a rate case prior to January 1, 2022.

## Note 10 - Inventories

Inventories comprise the following at September 30:

| 2022  2021  Non-utility LPG and natural gas  $  335  $  278  Gas Utility natural gas  166  68  Energy certificates  70  53  Materials, supplies and other  94  70  Total inventories  $  665  $  469   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 11 - Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment comprise the following at September 30:

| 2022  2021  Estimated Useful Life  Utility:  Distribution  $  4,746  $  4,306  Transmission  123  111  General and other  557  507  Work in process  124  98  Total Utility  5,550  5,022  Non-utility:  Land  179  186  Buildings and improvements  426  436  10 - 40 years  Transportation equipment  234  232  3 - 10 years  Equipment, primarily cylinders and tanks  3,645  3,785  5 - 30 years  Electric generation  216  211  25 - 40 years  Pipeline and related assets  1,523  1,218  25 - 40 years  Other  380  342  1 - 12 years  Work in process  53  76  Total non-utility  6,656  6,486  Total property, plant and equipment  $  12,206  $  11,508   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

The average composite depreciation rates at our Gas Utility and Electric Utility were as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  Regulated natural gas utilities  2.6 %  2.6 %  2.5 %  Electric Utility  2.4 %  2.3 %  2.2 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation expense totaled $460, $437 and $416 for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively.

## Note 12 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets

Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment are as follows:

| AmeriGas  Propane  UGI  International  Midstream &amp;  Marketing  Utilities  Total  Balance September 30, 2020  $  2,004  $  997  $  335  $  182  $  3,518  Acquisitions  -  6  -  255  261  Purchase accounting adjustments  -  -  1  -  1  Foreign currency translation  -  (10)  -  -  (10)  Balance September 30, 2021  2,004  993  336  437  3,770  Purchase accounting adjustments  -  -  -  (5)  (5)  Foreign currency translation  -  (153)  -  -  (153)  Balance September 30, 2022  $  2,004  $  840  $  336  $  432  $  3,612   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Intangible assets comprise the following at September 30:

| 2022  2021  Customer relationships  $  1,006  $  1,054  Trademarks and tradenames  11  12  Noncompete agreements and other  71  75  Accumulated amortization  (629)  (607)  Intangible assets, net (definite-lived)  459  534  Trademarks and tradenames (indefinite-lived)  41  49  Total intangible assets, net  $  500  $  583   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Changes in amounts above include the effects of currency translation. During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2021, the Company recognized a $20 non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge related to a customer relationship intangible at DVEP resulting from a decline in anticipated volumes attributable to a historical customer.  The charge is reflected in 'Operating and administrative expenses' on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Amortization expense of intangible assets was $61, $76 and $83 for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. Estimated amortization expense of intangible assets during the next five fiscal years is as follows: Fiscal 2023 $54; Fiscal 2024 $53; Fiscal 2025 $52; Fiscal 2026 $51; Fiscal 2027 $29.

## Note 13 - Equity

On February 2, 2022, UGI's Board of Directors authorized an extension of an existing share repurchase program for up to 8,000,000 shares of UGI Corporation Common Stock for an additional four-year period, expiring February 2026. Pursuant to the  Board  authorization,  during  Fiscal  2022  and  Fiscal  2020  the  Company  purchased  and  placed  in  treasury  stock  900,000 shares and 950,000 shares at a total cost of $38 and $38, respectively. There were no such repurchases during Fiscal 2021.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

UGI Preferred Stock and Common Stock share activity for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 is as follows:

| Preferred  Stock  Common Stock  Issued/  Outstanding  Issued  Treasury  Outstanding  Balance at September 30, 2019  -  209,304,129  (299,340)  209,004,789  Issued:  Employee and director plans  -  209,915  180,050  389,965  Repurchases of common stock  -  -  (950,000)  (950,000)  Reacquired common stock - employee and director plans  -  -  (90,316)  (90,316)  Balance at September 30, 2020  -  209,514,044  (1,159,606)  208,354,438  Issued:  Equity Unit Offering  220,000  Employee and director plans  -  329,252  554,315  883,567  Reacquired common stock - employee and director plans  -  -  (21,870)  (21,870)  Balance at Balance at September 30, 2021  220,000  209,843,296  (627,161)  209,216,135  Issued:  Employee and director plans  -  717,198  799,152  1,516,350  Repurchases of common stock  -  -  (900,000)  (900,000)  Reacquired common stock - employee and director plans  -  -  (250,273)  (250,273)  Balance at September 30, 2022  220,000  210,560,494  (978,282)  209,582,212   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

UGI  also  has  5,000,000  shares  of  UGI  Series  Preference  Stock  authorized  for  issuance.  UGI  had  no  shares  of  UGI Series Preference Stock outstanding at September 30, 2022 or 2021.

## Issuance of Equity Units

On May 25, 2021, the Company issued 2.2 million Equity Units with a total notional value of $220. Each Equity Unit has a stated amount of $100 and consists of (i) a 10% undivided beneficial ownership interest in one share of Convertible Preferred Stock  with  a  liquidation  preference  of  $1,000  per  share  and  (ii)  a  2024  Purchase  Contract.  The  Company  received approximately $213 of proceeds from the issuance of the Equity Units, net of offering expenses and underwriting costs and commissions,  and  issued  220,000  shares  of  Convertible  Preferred  Stock  which  was  recorded  in  'Preferred  stock'  on  the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet.  The proceeds were used to pay a portion of the purchase price for the Mountaineer Acquisition and related fees and expenses, and for general corporate purposes.  During the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company reclassified certain amounts on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity related to the accounting for the Equity Units.

Convertible Preferred Stock. Holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock will generally have no voting rights, except under the limited circumstances as described in the Equity Unit Agreements, and will be entitled to receive cumulative dividends at an initial annual rate of 0.125% when, as, and if declared by the UGI Board of Directors, payable quarterly in arrears on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1, commencing September 1, 2021. The Company may elect to pay such dividends in cash, shares  of  UGI's  common  stock  or  a  combination  of  cash  and  shares  of  UGI's  common  stock.  Unless  all  accumulated  and unpaid dividends on the Convertible Preferred Stock for prior completed dividend periods have been declared and paid, the Company may not make any distributions on, or repurchase, any of its capital stock ranking equal or junior to the Convertible Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, subject to certain exceptions.

The Convertible Preferred Stock has no maturity date and will remain outstanding unless converted by holders or redeemed by the Company. The Company has the option to redeem all or a portion of the Convertible Preferred Stock at any time, and from time to time, on or after September 3, 2024, for cash at a redemption price equal to the liquidation preference of the Convertible Preferred Stock being redeemed plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends. Each share of Convertible Preferred Stock may be converted at the option of the holders on and after June 1, 2024, only after it has been separated from the Equity Units and, prior to June 1, 2024, only under limited circumstances in connection with a fundamental change, as defined in the Equity Unit

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

Agreements. The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering (i) one share of UGI's 0.125% Series B preferred stock (or, for conversions in connection with a redemption of the Convertible Preferred Stock, up to $1,000 per share in cash plus all accumulated but unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the payment date immediately preceding the relevant conversion date)  per  share  of  Convertible  Preferred  Stock  being  converted;  and  (ii)  to  the  extent  the  conversion  value  exceeds  the liquidation  preference  of  the  Convertible  Preferred  Stock,  shares  of  UGI's  common  stock.  The  conversion  rate  is  initially 19.0215  shares  of  UGI's  common  stock  per  one  share  of  Convertible  Preferred  Stock,  which  is  equivalent  to  an  initial conversion price of approximately $52.57 per share of UGI's common stock.  At September 30, 2022 and 2021, there were 220,000 shares of Series B preferred stock authorized for issuance pursuant to the settlement terms discussed above.

The  Convertible  Preferred  Stock  can  be  remarketed  during  either  (i)  an  optional  remarketing  period  beginning  on,  and including, March 1, 2024 and ending on, and including, May 13, 2024 or (ii) a final remarketing period beginning on, and including,  May  23,  2024  and  ending  on,  and  including,  May  30,  2024.  In  connection  with  a  successful  remarketing,  the conversion rate and dividend rate of the Convertible Preferred Stock may be increased, and the earliest redemption date for the Convertible Preferred Stock may be changed to a later date that is on or before August 29, 2025.

2024 Purchase Contracts. The 2024 Purchase Contracts obligate the holders to pay $100 to UGI to purchase a variable number of shares of UGI common stock on the purchase contract settlement date, which is scheduled to occur on June 1, 2024. The number of shares of UGI common stock to be issued upon settlement of each 2024 Purchase Contract on the purchase contract settlement date will be equal to $100 divided by the market value per share of UGI common stock, which will be determined over a market value averaging period preceding the settlement date, subject to a maximum settlement rate of 2.2826 shares of UGI  common  stock  per  2024  Purchase  Contract,  subject  to  adjustment.  The  initial  maximum  settlement  rate  of  the  2024 Purchase Contracts is approximately equal to $100 divided by the last reported sale price of $43.81 per share of UGI common stock on May 17, 2021. Absent any fundamental changes, as defined in the Equity Unit Agreements, the holders can settle the 2024  Purchase  Contracts  early,  subject  to  certain  exceptions  and  conditions.  Upon  early  settlement  of  any  2024  Purchase Contracts, other than in connection with a fundamental change, the Company will deliver the number of shares of UGI common stock equal to 85% of the number of shares of UGI common stock that would have otherwise been deliverable.

The Company will pay holders of the 2024 Purchase Contracts quarterly contract adjustment payments at an annual rate of 7.125%, payable quarterly in arrears on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1, commencing September 1, 2021. The Company may elect to pay such contract adjustment payments in cash, shares of UGI common stock or a combination of cash and shares of UGI common stock. The Company may defer the contract adjustment payments for one or more consecutive periods  but  generally  not  beyond  the  purchase  contract  settlement  date.  If  contract  adjustment  payments  are  deferred,  the Company will be subject to certain dividend, distribution, and other restrictions related to its capital stock as defined in the Equity Unit Agreements.

The present value of the quarterly contract adjustment payments liability was $45 upon issuance of the Equity Units and is recorded  in  'Other  current  liabilities'  and  'Other  noncurrent  liabilities'  (with  a  corresponding  reduction  to  'UGI  Preferred Stock')  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheet.  As  each  quarterly  contract  adjustment  payment  is  made,  the  related  liability  is reduced  and  the  difference  between  the  cash  payment  and  the  present  value  will  accrete  to  'Interest  expense'  on  the Consolidated Statements of Income. This accretion was not material during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021.

## Note 14 - Equity-Based Compensation

The Company grants equity-based awards to employees and non-employee directors comprising UGI stock options and, UGI Common Stock-based equity instruments. We recognized total pre-tax equity-based compensation expense of $15 ($11 aftertax), $21 ($15 after-tax) and $15 ($11 after-tax) in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively.

UGI Equity-Based Compensation Plans and Awards. On January 29, 2021, the Company's shareholders approved the 2021 IAP. Under the 2021 IAP, awards representing up to 20,500,000 shares of UGI Common Stock may be granted. UGI Unit Awards  granted  to  employees  and  non-employee  directors,  including  dividend  equivalents,  are  settled  in  shares  of  UGI Common Stock and cash.  The 2021 IAP supersedes and replaces the 2013 OICP for awards granted on or after February 1, 2021. The terms and conditions of the 2013 OICP will continue to govern any outstanding awards granted thereunder. Similar to  the  2013  OICP,  under  the  2021  IAP,  we  may  grant  options  to  acquire  shares  of  UGI  Common  Stock,  SARs,  UGI  Units (comprising 'Stock Units' and 'UGI Performance Units'), other equity-based awards and cash to key employees and nonemployee directors. The exercise price for options may not be less than the fair market value on the grant date. Awards granted under the 2021 IAP may vest immediately or ratably over a period of years, and stock options can be exercised no later than ten years from the grant date.  Except in the event of retirement, death or disability, each grant, unless paid, will terminate when the

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

participant  ceases  to  be  employed.  There  are  certain  change  of  control  and  retirement  eligibility  conditions  that,  if  met, generally result in accelerated vesting or elimination of further service requirements.

There were 18,015,916 shares of Common Stock available for future grants under the 2021 IAP at September 30, 2022.

UGI Stock Option Awards . We measure the fair value of stock options using a Black-Scholes option pricing model that uses certain key assumptions for such options related to the expected life, volatility, dividend yield and the Company's risk-free rate at the valuation date.  The per share weighted average fair value of stock options granted under our option plans was $8.47, $6.05  and  $5.58  in  Fiscal  2022,  Fiscal  2021  and  Fiscal  2020,  respectively.  As  of  September  30,  2022,  there  was  $5  of unrecognized compensation cost associated with unvested stock options that is  expected  to  be  recognized  over  a  weightedaverage period of 1.8 years. There were 9,004,896 stock options outstanding at September 30, 2022, of which, 7,179,583 stock options were exercisable with a weighted-average option price of $42.23.

UGI Unit Awards . UGI Stock Unit and UGI Performance Unit awards entitle the grantee to shares of UGI Common Stock or cash  once  the  service  condition  is  met  and,  with  respect  to  UGI  Performance  Unit  awards,  subject  to  market  performance conditions. UGI Performance Unit grant recipients are awarded a target number of UGI Performance Units. The number of UGI Performance Units ultimately paid at the end of the performance period (generally three years) may be higher or lower than the target amount, or even zero, based on UGI's TSR percentile rank relative to the UGI comparator group. Grantees may receive 0% to 200% of the target award granted.

The fair value of UGI Stock Units on the grant date is equal to the market price of UGI Stock on the grant date plus the fair value  of  dividend  equivalents  if  applicable.    The  fair  value  of  UGI  Performance  Units  is  estimated  using  a  Monte  Carlo valuation model. The fair value associated with the target award is accounted for as equity and the fair value of the award over the target, as well as all dividend equivalents, is accounted for as a liability.

The weighted-average grant date fair value of UGI Stock Units and UGI Performance Units granted to employees during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020 was $51.24, $41.41 and $41.47, respectively.

As  of  September  30,  2022,  there  was  a  total  of  $24  unrecognized  compensation  cost  associated  with  UGI  Unit  awards outstanding that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.0 years. As of September 30, 2022, there were 1,376,371 UGI Unit awards outstanding with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of $42.31 per share.

## Note 15 - Partnership Distributions

In accordance with the Partnership Agreement, the Partnership makes distributions to its partners approximately 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter in a total amount equal to its Available Cash (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) for such quarter. The General Partner may establish reserves for the proper conduct of the Partnership's business and for distributions during the next four quarters.

## Note 16 - Leases

## Lessee

We lease various buildings and other facilities, real estate, vehicles, rail cars and other equipment, the majority of which are operating leases. We determine if a contract is or contains a lease by evaluating whether the contract explicitly or implicitly identifies an asset, whether we have the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits of the identified leased asset and to direct its use.

ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease  payments arising from the lease. We recognize ROU assets at the lease commencement date at the value of the lease liability  adjusted  for  any  prepayments,  lease  incentives  received,  and  initial  direct  costs  incurred.  Lease  liabilities  are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term.  These payments are discounted using the discount rate implicit in the lease, when available.  We apply an incremental borrowing rate, which is

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

developed utilizing a credit notching approach based on information available at the lease commencement date, to substantially all of our leases as the implicit rate is often not available.

Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected lease term.  Renewal and termination options are not included in the lease term unless we are reasonably certain that such options will be exercised.  Leases with an original lease term  of  one  year  or  less,  including  consideration  of  any  renewal  options  assumed  to  be  exercised,  are  not  included  in  the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Certain lease arrangements, primarily fleet vehicle leases with lease terms of one to ten years, contain purchase options. The Company generally excludes purchase options in evaluating its leases unless it is reasonably certain that such options will be exercised.  Additionally, leases of fleet vehicles often contain residual value guarantees that are due at the end of the lease. Such amounts are included in the determination of lease liabilities when we are reasonably certain that they will be owed.

Certain leasing arrangements require variable payments that are dependent on asset usage or are based on changes in index rates,  such  as  the  Consumer  Price  Index.  The  variable  payments  component  of  such  leases  cannot  be  determined  at  lease commencement and is not recognized in the measurement of ROU assets or lease liabilities, but is recognized in earnings in the period in which the obligation occurs.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

ROU assets and lease liabilities recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30 are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Location on the Balance Sheet  ROU assets:  Operating lease ROU assets  $  368  $  390  Other assets  Finance lease ROU assets  48  49  Property, plant and equipment  Total ROU assets  $  416  $  439  Lease liabilities:  Operating lease liabilities - current  $  82  $  81  Other current liabilities  Operating lease liabilities - noncurrent  294  318  Other noncurrent liabilities  Finance lease liabilities - current  4  4  Current maturities of long-  term debt  Finance lease liabilities - noncurrent  41  41  Long-term debt  Total lease liabilities  $  421  $  444   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The components of lease cost for Fiscal 2022,  Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 are as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  Operating lease cost  $  96  $  101  $  102  Finance lease cost:  Amortization of ROU assets  4  4  5  Interest on lease liabilities  3  3  3  Variable lease cost  6  4  5  Short-term lease cost  2  2  3  Total lease cost  $  111  $  114  $  118   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents the cash and non-cash activity related to lease liabilities included in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020:

| 2022  2021  2020  Cash paid related to lease liabilities:  Operating cash flows - operating leases  $  95  $  99  $  103  Operating cash flows - finance leases  $  3  $  3  $  3  Financing cash flows - finance leases  $  2  $  3  $  4  Non-cash lease liability activities:  ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities (a)  $  72  $  85  $  506  ROU assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities  $  2  $  1  $  22   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Fiscal 2020 includes the impact of the adoption of ASC 842 Leases .

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

The following table presents the weighted-average remaining lease term and weighted-average discount rate:

| Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years)  2022  2021  Operating leases  6.0  6.3  Finance leases  3.7  2.4  Weighted-average discount rate (%)  2022  2021  Operating leases  3.6%  3.6%  Finance leases  1.8%  1.5%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Expected annual lease payments based on maturities of operating and finance leases, as well as a reconciliation to the lease liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, as of September 30, 2022, were as follows:

| 2023  2024  2025  2026  2027  After  2027  Total  Lease  Payments  Imputed  Interest  Lease  Liabilities  Operating leases  $  93  $  81  $  64  $  52  $  41  $  86  $  417  $  (41)  $  376  Finance leases  $  4  $  4  $  4  $  4  $  3  $  77  $  96  $  (51)  $  45   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Approximately 85% of the operating lease liabilities presented above relate to AmeriGas Propane.

At September 30, 2022, operating and finance leases that had not yet commenced were not material.

## Lessor

We enter into lessor arrangements for the purposes of storing, gathering or distributing natural gas and LPG. AmeriGas Propane and UGI International have lessor arrangements that grant customers the right to use small, medium and large storage tanks, which we classify  as  operating  leases.    These  agreements  contain  renewal  options  for  periods  up  to  nine  years  and  certain agreements  at  UGI  International  contain  a  purchase  option.  Energy  Services  leases  certain  natural  gas  gathering  assets  to customers, which we classify as operating leases.  Lease income is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and included in 'Revenues' on the Consolidated Statements of Income (see Note 4).

## Note 17 - Commitments and Contingencies

## Environmental Matters

## UGI Utilities

From the late 1800s through the mid-1900s, UGI Utilities and its former subsidiaries owned and operated a number of MGPs prior to the general availability of natural gas. Some constituents of coal tars and other residues of the manufactured gas process are today considered hazardous substances under the Superfund Law and may be present on the sites of former MGPs. Between 1882 and 1953, UGI Utilities owned the stock of subsidiary gas companies in Pennsylvania and elsewhere and also operated the businesses of some gas companies under agreement. By the early 1950s, UGI Utilities divested all of its utility operations other than  certain  gas  and  electric  operations.  Beginning  in  2006  and  2008,  UGI  Utilities  also  owned  and  operated  two  acquired subsidiaries, with similar histories of owning, and in some cases operating, MGPs in Pennsylvania.

UGI Utilities is subject to a COA with the PADEP to address the remediation of specified former MGP sites in Pennsylvania, which is scheduled to terminate at the end of 2031. In accordance with the COA, UGI Utilities is required to either obtain a certain number of points per calendar year based on defined eligible environmental investigatory and/or remedial activities at the  MGPs,  or  make  expenditures  for  such  activities  in  an  amount  equal  to  an  annual  environmental  minimum  expenditure threshold.    The  annual  minimum  expenditure  threshold  of  the  COA  is  $5.  At  September  30,  2022  and  2021,  our  aggregate estimated  accrued  liabilities  for  environmental  investigation  and  remediation  costs  related  to  the  current  COA  and  the predecessor agreements totaled $53 and $50, respectively.

We do not expect the costs for investigation and remediation of hazardous substances at Pennsylvania MGP sites to be material to UGI Utilities' results of operations because UGI Utilities receives ratemaking recovery of actual environmental investigation and remediation costs associated with the sites covered by the COA. This ratemaking recognition reconciles the accumulated

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

difference between historical costs and rate recoveries with an estimate of future costs associated with the sites. As such, UGI Utilities has recorded an associated regulatory asset for these costs because recovery of these costs from customers is probable (see Note 9).

From time to time, UGI Utilities is notified of sites outside Pennsylvania on which private parties allege MGPs were formerly owned or operated by UGI Utilities or owned or operated by a former subsidiary. Such parties generally investigate the extent of environmental contamination or perform environmental remediation. Management believes that under applicable law UGI Utilities  should  not  be  liable  in  those  instances  in  which  a  former  subsidiary  owned  or  operated  an  MGP.  There  could  be, however,  significant  future  costs  of  an  uncertain  amount  associated  with  environmental  damage  caused  by  MGPs  outside Pennsylvania that UGI Utilities directly operated, or that were owned or operated by a former subsidiary of UGI Utilities if a court were to conclude that (1) the subsidiary's separate corporate form should be disregarded, or (2) UGI Utilities should be considered to have been an operator because of its conduct with respect to its subsidiary's MGP. Neither the undiscounted nor the accrued liability for environmental investigation and cleanup costs for UGI Utilities' MGP sites outside Pennsylvania were material for all periods presented.

## AmeriGas Propane

AmeriGas OLP Saranac Lake. In 2008, the NYDEC notified AmeriGas OLP that the NYDEC had placed property purportedly owned by AmeriGas OLP in Saranac Lake, New York on the New York State Registry of Inactive Hazardous Waste Disposal Sites.  A site characterization study performed by the NYDEC disclosed contamination related to a former MGP.  AmeriGas OLP responded to the NYDEC in 2009 to dispute the contention it was a PRP as it did not operate the MGP and appeared to only own a portion of the site.  In 2017, the NYDEC communicated to AmeriGas OLP that the NYDEC had previously issued three  RODs  related  to  remediation  of  the  site  totaling  approximately  $28  and  requested  additional  information  regarding AmeriGas OLP's purported ownership.  AmeriGas OLP renewed its challenge to designation as a PRP and identified potential defenses.  The NYDEC subsequently identified a third party PRP with respect to the site.

The  NYDEC  commenced  implementation  of  the  remediation  plan  in  the  spring  of  2018.    Based  on  our  evaluation  of  the available  information  as  of  September  30,  2022  and  2021,  the  Partnership  has  an  undiscounted  environmental  remediation liability of $8 related to the site. Our share of the actual remediation costs could be significantly more or less than the accrued amount.

Although  we  cannot  predict  the  final  results  of  these  pending  claims  and  legal  actions,  we  believe,  after  consultation  with counsel, that the final outcome of these matters will not have a material effect on our financial statements.

In addition to the matters described above, there are other pending claims and legal actions arising in the normal course of our businesses. Although we cannot predict the final results of these pending claims and legal actions, we believe, after consultation with counsel, that the final outcome of these matters will not have a material effect on our financial statements.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

## Note 18 - Fair Value Measurements

## Recurring Fair Value Measurements

The  following  table  presents,  on  a  gross  basis,  our  financial  assets  and  liabilities,  including  both  current  and  noncurrent portions, that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis within the fair value hierarchy as described in Note 2:

| Asset (Liability)  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  September 30, 2022:  Derivative instruments:  Assets:  Commodity contracts (b)  $  938  $  1,268  $  27  $  2,233  Foreign currency contracts  $  -  $  119  $  -  $  119  Interest rate contracts  $  -  $  66  $  -  $  66  Liabilities:  Commodity contracts (b)  $  (377)  $  (136)  $  -  $  (513)  Foreign currency contracts  $  -  $  (2)  $  -  $  (2)  Non-qualified supplemental postretirement  grantor trust investments (a)  $  43  $  -  $  -  $  43  September 30, 2021  Derivative instruments:  Assets:  Commodity contracts  $  641  $  1,008  $  -  $  1,649  Foreign currency contracts  $  -  $  38  $  -  $  38  Liabilities:  Commodity contracts  $  (264)  $  (16)  $  -  $  (280)  Foreign currency contracts  $  -  $  (8)  $  -  $  (8)  Interest rate contracts  $  -  $  (29)  $  -  $  (29)  Non-qualified supplemental postretirement  grantor trust investments (a)  $  53  $  -  $  -  $  53   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Consists primarily of mutual fund investments held in grantor trusts associated with non-qualified supplemental retirement plans (see Note 8).

(b) Includes derivative assets and liabilities held-for-sale associated with the October 2022 sale of the United Kingdom energy marketing business (see Note 25).

The fair values of our Level 1 exchange-traded commodity futures and option contracts and non-exchange-traded commodity futures and forward contracts are based upon actively quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities. Substantially all of the remaining derivative instruments are designated as Level 2.  The fair values of certain non-exchange-traded commodity derivatives  designated  as  Level  2  are  based  upon  indicative  price  quotations  available  through  brokers,  industry  price publications or recent market transactions and related market indicators. The fair values of our Level 2 interest rate contracts and foreign currency contracts are based upon third-party quotes or indicative values based on recent market transactions. The Level 3 measurements reflect natural gas commodity contracts attributable to our UGI International operations.  The fair values of these contracts have been determined using unobservable inputs in an illiquid market, and the fair values of such Level 3 measurements ranged from $7 to $27 given the available inputs considered.  The actual realized value at which these contracts will settle could vary significantly compared to the fair values reflected at September 30, 2022.  The fair values of investments held in grantor trusts are derived from quoted market prices as substantially all of the investments in these trusts have active markets.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

## Other Financial Instruments

The  carrying  amounts  of  other  financial  instruments  included  in  current  assets  and  current  liabilities  (except  for  current maturities of long-term debt) approximate their fair values because of their short-term nature.  We estimate the fair value of long-term debt by using current market rates and by discounting future cash flows using rates available for similar type debt (Level 2). The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of our long-term debt (including current maturities but excluding unamortized debt issuance costs) were as follows:

| 2022  2021  Carrying amount  $  6,665  $  6,491  Estimated fair value  $  6,189  $  6,996   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Financial instruments other than derivative instruments, such as short-term investments and trade accounts receivable, could expose us to concentrations of credit risk.  We limit credit risk from short-term investments by investing only in investmentgrade commercial paper, money market mutual funds, securities guaranteed by the U.S. Government or its agencies and FDIC insured bank deposits.  The credit risk arising from concentrations of trade accounts receivable is limited because we have a large  customer  base  that  extends  across  many  different  U.S.  markets  and  a  number  of  foreign  countries.    For  information regarding concentrations of credit risk associated with our derivative instruments, see Note 19.

## Note 19 - Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities

We are exposed to certain market risks related to our ongoing business operations. Management uses derivative financial and commodity  instruments,  among  other  things,  to  manage:  (1)  commodity  price  risk;  (2)  interest  rate  risk;  and  (3)  foreign currency exchange rate risk. Although we use derivative financial and commodity instruments to reduce market risk associated with forecasted transactions, we do not use derivative financial and commodity instruments for speculative or trading purposes. The use of derivative instruments is controlled by our risk management and credit policies, which govern, among other things, the  derivative  instruments we can use, counterparty credit limits and contract authorization limits. Although our commodity derivative  instruments  extend  over  a  number  of  years,  a  significant  portion  of  our  commodity  derivative  instruments economically hedge commodity price risk during the next twelve months. For information on the accounting for our derivative instruments, see Note 2.

The following summarizes the types of derivative instruments used by the Company to manage certain market risks:

## Commodity Price Risk

## Regulated Utility Operations

## Natural Gas

PA Gas Utility's tariffs contain clauses that permit recovery of all prudently incurred costs of natural gas it sells to retail coremarket customers, including the cost of financial instruments used to hedge purchased gas costs. As permitted and agreed to by the PAPUC pursuant to PA Gas Utility's annual PGC filings, PA Gas Utility currently uses NYMEX natural gas futures and option contracts to reduce commodity price volatility associated with a portion of the natural gas it purchases for its retail coremarket customers. See Note 9 for further information on the regulatory accounting treatment for these derivative instruments.

## Non-utility Operations

## LPG

In order to manage market price risk associated with the Partnership's fixed-price programs and to reduce the effects of shortterm  commodity  price  volatility,  the  Partnership  uses  over-the-counter  derivative  commodity  instruments,  principally  price swap contracts.  In  addition,  the  Partnership  and  our  UGI  International  operations  also  use  over-the-counter  price  swap  and option contracts to reduce commodity price volatility associated with a portion of their forecasted LPG purchases.

## Natural Gas

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

In order to manage market price risk relating to fixed-price sales contracts for physical natural gas, Midstream &amp; Marketing enters into NYMEX and over-the-counter natural gas futures and over-the-counter and ICE natural gas basis swap contracts. In addition,  Midstream  &amp;  Marketing  uses  NYMEX  and  over-the-counter  futures  and  options  contracts  to  economically  hedge price volatility associated with the gross margin derived from the purchase and anticipated later near-term sale of natural gas storage  inventories.  Outside  of  the  financial  market,  Midstream  &amp;  Marketing  also  uses  ICE  and  over-the-counter  forward physical contracts. UGI International also uses natural gas futures and forward contracts to economically hedge market price risk associated with a substantial portion of anticipated volumes under fixed-price sales contracts with its customers.

## Electricity

In order to manage market price risk relating to fixed-price sales contracts for electricity, Midstream &amp; Marketing enters into electricity futures and forward contracts. Midstream &amp; Marketing also uses NYMEX and over-the-counter electricity futures contracts to economically hedge the price of a portion of its anticipated future sales of electricity from its electric generation facilities.  UGI  International  also  uses  electricity  futures  and  forward  contracts  to  economically  hedge  market  price  risk associated with fixed-price sales and purchase contracts for electricity.

## Interest Rate Risk

Certain of our long-term debt agreements have interest rates that are generally indexed to short-term market interest rates.  In order to fix the underlying short-term market interest rates, we may enter into pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swap agreements and designate such swaps as cash flow hedges.

The remainder of our long-term debt is typically issued at fixed rates of interest. As this long-term debt matures, we typically refinance such debt with new debt having interest rates reflecting then-current market conditions. In order to reduce market rate risk on the underlying benchmark rate of interest associated with near- to medium-term forecasted issuances of fixed-rate debt, from time to time we enter into IRPAs.  We account for IRPAs as cash flow hedges.  There were no unsettled IRPAs during any of  the  periods  presented.  At  September  30,  2022,  the  amount  of  pre-tax  net  losses  associated  with  interest  rate  hedges (excluding  pay-fixed,  receive-variable  interest  rate  swaps)  expected  to  be  reclassified  into  earnings  during  the  next  twelve months is $3.

## Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk

## Forward Foreign Currency Exchange Contracts

In order to reduce the volatility in net income associated with our foreign operations, principally as a result of changes in the USD exchange rate to the euro and British pound sterling, we enter into forward foreign currency exchange contracts. We layer in  these  foreign currency exchange contracts over a multi-year period to eventually equal approximately 90% of anticipated UGI  International  foreign  currency  earnings  before  income  taxes.  Because  these  contracts  are  not  designated  as  hedging instruments, realized and unrealized gains and losses on these contracts are recorded in 'Other non-operating income (expense), net' on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

## Net Investment Hedges

From time to time, we also enter into certain forward foreign currency exchange contracts to reduce the volatility of the USD value  of  a  portion  of  our  UGI  International  euro-denominated  net  investments,  including  anticipated  foreign  currency denominated dividends. We account for these foreign currency exchange contracts as net investment hedges and all changes in the fair value of these contracts are reported in the cumulative translation adjustment component in AOCI. We use the spot rate method to measure ineffectiveness of our net investment hedges.

Concurrent with the repayment of UGI International's 3.25% Senior Notes on December 7, 2021, we settled an associated net investment hedge having a notional value of €93. Additionally, in May 2022, we restructured certain net investment hedges associated with anticipated foreign currency denominated dividends.  Cash flows from these transactions are included in cash flows from investing activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We recognized pre-tax gains associated with  net investment hedges in the foreign currency component of AOCI totaling $69 during Fiscal 2022.

Our euro-denominated long-term debt has also been designated as net investment hedges, representing a portion of our UGI International  euro-denominated  net  investment.  We  recognized  pre-tax  gains  (losses)  associated  with  these  net  investment

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

hedges in the foreign currency component of AOCI totaling $123, $9 and $(53) during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, and Fiscal 2020, respectively.

## Quantitative Disclosures Related to Derivative Instruments

The  following  table  summarizes  by  derivative  type  the  gross  notional  amounts  related  to  open  derivative  contracts  at September 30, 2022 and 2021 and the final settlement dates of the Company's open derivative contracts as of September 30, 2022, (including amounts associated with our energy marketing businesses in the United Kingdom and France (Note 25)) but excluding those derivatives that qualified for the NPNS exception:

Notional Amounts

(in millions)

| September 30,  Type  Units  Settlements  Extending Through  2022  2021  Commodity Price Risk:  Regulated Utility Operations  PA Gas Utility NYMEX natural gas futures and option  contracts  Dekatherms  October 2023  19  20  Non-utility Operations  LPG swaps  Gallons  January 2025  874  708  Natural gas futures, forward, basis swap, options and pipeline  contracts  Dekatherms  October 2026  363  355  Electricity forward and futures contracts  Kilowatt  hours  December 2026  2,446  4,302  Interest Rate Risk:  Interest rate swaps  Euro  October 2022  €  300  €  300  Interest rate swaps  USD  June 2026  $  1,358  $  1,421  Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk:  Forward foreign exchange contracts  USD  August 2025  $  465  $  509  Net investment hedge forward foreign exchange contracts  Euro  December 2026  €  411  €  173   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Derivative Instrument Credit Risk

We are exposed to risk  of  loss  in  the  event  of  nonperformance  by  our  derivative  instrument  counterparties.  Our  derivative instrument counterparties principally comprise large energy companies and major U.S. and international financial institutions. We maintain credit policies with regard to our counterparties that we believe reduce overall credit risk. These policies include evaluating and monitoring our counterparties' financial condition, including their credit ratings, and entering into agreements with counterparties that govern credit limits or entering into netting agreements that allow for offsetting counterparty receivable and payable balances for certain financial transactions, as deemed appropriate.

We  have  concentrations  of  credit  risk  associated  with  derivative  instruments  and  we  evaluate  the  creditworthiness  of  our derivative counterparties on an ongoing basis. As of September 30, 2022, the maximum amount of loss, based upon the gross fair values of the derivative instruments, we would incur if these counterparties failed to perform according to the terms of their contracts was $2,418. In general, many of our over-the-counter derivative instruments and all exchange contracts call for the posting of collateral by the counterparty or by the Company in the forms of letters of credit, parental guarantees or cash. At September 30, 2022, we had received cash collateral from derivative instrument counterparties totaling $398. In addition, we may  have  offsetting  derivative  liabilities  and  certain  accounts  payable  balances  with  certain  of  these  counterparties,  which further mitigates the previously mentioned maximum amount of losses. Certain of the Partnership's derivative contracts have credit-risk-related contingent features that may require the posting of additional collateral in the event of a downgrade of the Partnership's debt rating. At September 30, 2022, if the credit-risk-related contingent features were triggered, the amount of collateral required to be posted would not be material.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

## Offsetting Derivative Assets and Liabilities

Derivative  assets  and  liabilities  are  presented  net  by  counterparty  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets  if  the  right  of  offset exists. We offset amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral or the obligation to return cash collateral against amounts recognized for derivative instruments executed with the same counterparty. Our derivative instruments include both those  that  are  executed  on  an  exchange  through  brokers  and  centrally  cleared  and  over-the-counter  transactions.  Exchange contracts  utilize  a  financial  intermediary,  exchange,  or  clearinghouse  to  enter,  execute,  or  clear  the  transactions.  Over-thecounter contracts are bilateral contracts that are transacted directly with a third party.  Certain over-the-counter and exchange contracts contain contractual rights of offset through master netting arrangements, derivative clearing agreements, and contract default provisions. In addition, the contracts are subject to conditional rights of offset through counterparty nonperformance, insolvency or other conditions.

In general, many of our over-the-counter transactions and all exchange contracts are subject to collateral requirements. Types of collateral generally include cash or letters of credit. Cash collateral paid by us to our over-the-counter derivative counterparties, if any, is reflected in the table below to offset derivative liabilities. Cash collateral received by us from our over-the-counter derivative counterparties, if any, is reflected in the table below to offset derivative assets. Certain other accounts receivable and accounts payable balances recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with our derivative counterparties are not included in the table below but could reduce our net exposure to such counterparties because such balances are subject to master netting or similar arrangements.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

## Fair Value of Derivative Instruments

The following table presents the Company's derivative assets and liabilities by type, as well as the effects of offsetting, as of September 30:

| 2022  2021  Derivative assets:  Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:  Foreign currency contracts  $  57  $  20  Interest rate contracts  66  -  123  20  Derivatives subject to PGC and DS mechanisms:  Commodity contracts  31  58  Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:  Commodity contracts (a)  2,202  1,591  Foreign currency contracts  62  18  2,264  1,609  Total derivative assets - gross  2,418  1,687  Gross amounts offset in the balance sheet  (295)  (216)  Cash collateral received  (398)  (468)  Total derivative assets - net  $  1,725  $  1,003  Derivative liabilities:  Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:  Interest rate contracts  $  -  $  (29)  Derivatives subject to PGC and DS mechanisms:  Commodity contracts  (26)  (23)  Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:  Commodity contracts (a)  (487)  (257)  Foreign currency contracts  (2)  (8)  (489)  (265)  Total derivative liabilities - gross  (515)  (317)  Gross amounts offset in the balance sheet  295  216  Cash collateral pledged  7  3  Total derivative liabilities - net  $  (213)  $  (98)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Includes derivative assets and liabilities held-for-sale associated with the October 2022 sale of the United Kingdom energy marketing business (see Note 25).

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

## Effects of Derivative Instruments

The following tables provide information on the effects of derivative instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Income and changes in AOCI for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020:

| Gain (Loss)  Recognized in  AOCI  Gain (Loss)  Reclassified from  AOCI into Income  Location of Gain (Loss)  Reclassified from  AOCI into Income  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Cash Flow Hedges:  Interest rate contracts  91  4  (53)  (7)  (25)  (13)  Interest expense  Net Investment Hedges:  Foreign currency contracts  $  69  $  4  $  (1)  Gain (Loss)  Recognized in Income  Location of  Gain (Loss)  Recognized in Income  2022  2021  2020  Derivatives Not Designated as  Hedging Instruments:  Commodity contracts  $  (9)  $  (17)  $  10  Revenues  Commodity contracts  1,181  1,545  (32)  Cost of sales  Commodity contracts  1  5  -  Other operating income, net  Foreign currency contracts  63  9  (20)  Other non-operating income (expense), net  Total  $  1,236  $  1,542  $  (42)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We are also a party to a number of other contracts that have elements of a derivative instrument. However, these contracts qualify  for  NPNS  exception  accounting  because  they  provide  for  the  delivery  of  products  or  services  in  quantities  that  are expected to be used in the normal course of operating our business and the price in the contract is based on an underlying that is directly  associated  with  the  price  of  the  product  or  service  being  purchased  or  sold.  These  contracts  include,  among  others, binding purchase orders, contracts that provide for the purchase and delivery, or sale, of energy products, and service contracts that  require  the  counterparty  to  provide  commodity  storage,  transportation  or  capacity  service  to  meet  our  normal  sales commitments.

## Note 20 - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Other comprehensive income (loss) principally comprises (1) gains and losses on derivative instruments qualifying as cash flow hedges, net of reclassifications to net income; (2) actuarial gains and losses on postretirement benefit plans, net of associated amortization; and (3) foreign currency translation and long-term intra-company transaction adjustments.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

The tables below present changes in AOCI, net of tax, during  Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020:

| Postretirement  Benefit  Plans  Derivative  Instruments  Foreign  Currency  Total  AOCI - September 30, 2019  $  (26)  $  (25)  $  (166)  $  (217)  Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassification  adjustments  (3)  (38)  99  58  Amounts reclassified from AOCI  3  9  -  12  Other comprehensive (loss) income attributable to UGI  -  (29)  99  70  AOCI - September 30, 2020  $  (26)  $  (54)  $  (67)  $  (147)  Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification  adjustments  7  3  (23)  (13)  Amounts reclassified from AOCI  2  18  -  20  Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to UGI  9  21  (23)  7  AOCI - September 30, 2021  $  (17)  $  (33)  $  (90)  $  (140)  Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification  adjustments  28  64  (341)  (249)  Amounts reclassified from AOCI  3  6  -  9  Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to UGI  31  70  (341)  (240)  AOCI - September 30, 2022  $  14  $  37  $  (431)  $  (380)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 21 - Other Operating Income, Net and Other Non-Operating Income (Expense), Net

## Other Operating Income, Net

Other operating income, net, comprises the following:

| 2022  2021  2020  Finance charges  $  18  $  17  $  9  Gains on sales of fixed assets, net  33  11  5  Gain on early derivative termination  -  5  -  Interest and interest-related income  1  -  2  Other, net  27  -  5  Total other operating income, net  $  79  $  33  $  21   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other Non-Operating Income (Expense), Net

Other non-operating income (expense), net comprises the following:

| 2022  2021  2020  Gains (losses) on foreign currency contracts, net  $  63  $  9  $  (20)  Amortization of excluded components of certain net investment hedges  7  2  -  Pension and other postretirement plans non-service income, net  5  1  -  Total other non-operating income (expense), net  $  75  $  12  $  (20)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

## Note 22 - Equity Method Investments

During Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, the Company's principal equity method investments comprised Pine Run, Pennant and PennEast which are reflected in our Midstream and Marketing Segment. Our equity method investments are included within 'Other assets' on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and totaled $130 and $174 at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Pine Run. The  Company has an approximately 49% interest in Pine Run, a company jointly owned by Stonehenge Energy Resources and UGI Pine Run, LLC. In February 2021, Pine Run, completed the acquisition of Pine Run Midstream, an affiliate of PennEnergy, and minority partners for approximately $205. The acquisition was funded by cash contributions by UGI Pine Run, LLC and Stonehenge Energy Resources totaling approximately $115, and the issuance by Pine Run of $90 of long-term debt. Pine Run Midstream operates dry gas gathering pipelines and compression assets in western Pennsylvania. Pine Run is accounted for as an equity method investment as we have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the entity. The carrying value of our investment in Pine Run at September 30, 2022 and 2021 was $68 and $60, respectively.

Pennant .  As  of  September  30,  2021,  Energy  Services  held  a  47%  membership  interest  in  Pennant,  a  natural  gas  gathering system  located  in  northeast  Ohio  and  western  Pennsylvania.  In  Fiscal  2022,  relating  to  the  Company's  acquisition  of  a controlling interest in Pennant, the Company recognized an other-than-temporary pre-tax impairment charge of $44 related to its 47% membership interest, which was recorded in '(Loss) income from equity investees' in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company acquired the outstanding interest in Pennant during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022. See Note 5 for additional information related to the acquired interest in Pennant. The carrying value of our investment in Pennant at September 30, 2021 was $93.

PennEast .  UGI  PennEast, LLC and four other members comprising wholly owned subsidiaries of Southern Company, New Jersey Resources, South Jersey Industries, and Enbridge, Inc., each hold a 20% membership interest in PennEast. PennEast was formed  to  construct  an  approximate  120-mile  natural  gas  pipeline  from  Luzerne  County,  Pennsylvania  to  the  TrentonWoodbury interconnection in New Jersey. PennEast is accounted for as an equity method investment as we have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over PennEast. In September 2019, a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third  Circuit  ruled  that  New  Jersey's  Eleventh  Amendment  immunity  barred  PennEast  from  bringing  an  eminent  domain lawsuit in federal court, under the Natural Gas Act, against New Jersey or its agencies. On February 3, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court issued an order granting PennEast's petition for a writ of certiorari and the case was argued on April 28, 2021. On June 29, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in favor of PennEast, overturning the Third Circuit's decision that blocked PennEast from exercising federal eminent domain authority over lands in which a state has property rights interests.

Following  the  favorable  Supreme  Court  decision,  the  partners  of  the  PennEast  project  re-assessed  the  remaining  legal  and regulatory contingencies which needed to be resolved before construction could commence. Based on the significant remaining legal challenges and the expected further delays in obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals, which were preventing the commencement  of  construction  and  commercial  operation  of  the  project,  the  Company  concluded  that  its  investment  in PennEast was impaired at June 30, 2021, and that such impairment was other-than-temporary. The estimated fair value of the Company's  investment  in  PennEast  was  measured  using  probability-weighted  cash  flows  under  an  expected  present  value technique  based  on  management's  estimates  and  assumptions  regarding  the  likelihood  of  certain  outcomes  (and  the  related timing) that would be used by market participants at the time. Based upon this analysis, the Company recognized an other-thantemporary pre-tax impairment charge of $93 in June 2021, which is recorded in '(Loss) income from equity investees' in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

On  September  27,  2021,  the  PennEast  partners  announced  that  further  development  of  the  project  is  no  longer  supported. Following this announcement, the estimated fair value was assessed using the liquidation value of equipment held by PennEast and  did  not  result  in  a  significant  change  compared  to  June  30,  2021  and  no  further  impairment  loss  was  recognized.  The estimated fair value of the Company's investment in PennEast was determined to be a Level 2 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company recognized $9 of equity earnings related to the ongoing liquidation  of  PennEast  assets.  The  carrying  value  of  our  investment  in  PennEast  at  September  30,  2022  and  2021  was  not material.

Other Equity Investments. Our other equity investments totaled $62 and $21 at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and principally comprise investments in biomass and other renewable energy projects at Midstream and Marketing and, in Fiscal 2022, an investment in a renewable energy joint venture at UGI International.

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

## Note 23 - Segment Information

Our  operations  comprise  four  reportable  segments  generally  based  upon  products  or  services  sold,  geographic  location  and regulatory environment: (1) AmeriGas Propane; (2) UGI International; (3) Midstream &amp; Marketing; and (4) Utilities.

AmeriGas  Propane  derives  its  revenues  principally  from  the  sale  of  propane  and  related  equipment  and  supplies  to  retail customers in all 50 states. UGI International derives its revenues principally from the distribution of LPG to retail customers throughout much of Europe.  In addition, UGI International derives revenue from natural gas marketing businesses in France, Belgium and the United Kingdom and a natural gas and electricity marketing business in the Netherlands. See Note 25 for additional information regarding the October 2022 sale of the United Kingdom energy marketing business and the November 2022 announcement related to the France energy marketing business. Midstream &amp; Marketing derives its revenues principally from  the  sale  of  natural  gas,  liquid  fuels  and  electricity  as  well  as  revenues  and  fees  from  storage,  pipeline  transportation, natural gas gathering, natural gas and RNG production activities primarily in the Mid-Atlantic region of the U.S. eastern Ohio, the  panhandle  of  West  Virginia  and  California.  Midstream  &amp;  Marketing  also  derives  revenues  from  the  sale  of  electricity through PJM, a regional electricity transmission organization in the eastern U.S., and, prior to its sale on September 30, 2020, also from contracting services provided by HVAC to customers in portions of eastern and central Pennsylvania (see Note 5). Our Utilities segment primarily derives its revenues from the sale and distribution of natural gas to customers in eastern and central Pennsylvania and subsequent to the Mountaineer Acquisition in September 2021, in West Virginia (see Note 5). To a much lesser extent, Utilities also derives revenues from the sale and distribution of electricity in two northeastern Pennsylvania counties.

Corporate &amp; Other includes certain items that are excluded from our CODM's assessment of segment performance (see below for further details on these items). Corporate &amp; Other also includes the net expenses of UGI's captive general liability insurance company,  UGI's  corporate  headquarters  facility  and  UGI's  unallocated  corporate  and  general  expenses  as  well  as  interest expense on UGI debt that is not allocated. Corporate &amp; Other assets principally comprise cash and cash equivalents of UGI and its captive insurance company, and UGI corporate headquarters' assets.

The  accounting  policies  of  our  reportable  segments  are  the  same  as  those  described  in  Note  2.  Our  CODM  evaluates  the performance of all of our reportable segments based upon earnings before interest expense and income taxes, excluding the items noted below.

No single customer represents more than ten percent of our consolidated revenues. In addition, all of our reportable segments' revenues, other than those of UGI International, are derived from sources within the United States, and all of our reportable segments' long-lived assets, other than those of UGI International, are located in the United States. The amounts of revenues and  long-lived  assets  associated  with  our  operations  in  France  represent  approximately  20%  and  10%  of  the  respective consolidated amounts.

| 2022  Revenues from external customers  $  10,106  $  -  $  2,943  $  3,686  $  1,957  $  1,515  $  5  Intersegment revenues  $  -  $  (477)  (b)  $  -  $  -  $  369  $  105  $  3  Cost of sales  $  5,973  $  (474)  (b)  $  1,613  $  2,751  $  1,876  $  798  $  (591)  Operating income  $  1,666  $  -  $  307  $  237  $  246  $  327  $  549  (Loss) income from equity investees  (14)  -  -  (2)  23  -  (35)  Loss on extinguishments of debt  (11)  -  -  -  -  -  (11)  Other non-operating income, net  75  -  -  19  -  9  47  Earnings before interest expense and income  taxes  1,716  -  307  254  269  336  550  Interest expense  (329)  -  (160)  (28)  (41)  (65)  (35)  Income tax expense  (313)  -  (35)  (50)  (65)  (65)  (98)  Noncontrolling interests' net (income) loss  (1)  -  -  (1)  -  -  -  Net income attributable to UGI  $  1,073  $  -  $  112  $  175  $  163  $  206  $  417  Depreciation and amortization  $  518  $  -  $  177  $  116  $  79  $  144  $  2  Total assets  $  17,575  $  (203)  $  4,332  $  4,610  $  3,286  $  5,354  $  196  Short-term borrowings  $  368  $  -  $  131  $  1  $  -  $  236  $  -  Total  Elim-  inations  AmeriGas  Propane  UGI  International  Midstream  &amp;  Marketing  Utilities  Corporate &amp;  Other (a)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

| Capital expenditures (including the effects of  accruals)  $  835  $  -  $  128  $  107  $  38  $  562  $  -  Investments in equity investees  $  130  $  -  $  -  $  20  $  109  $  -  $  1  2021  Revenues from external customers  $  7,447  $  -  $  2,614  $  2,651  $  1,182  $  1,015  $  (15)  Intersegment revenues  $  -  $  (291)  (b)  $  -  $  -  $  224  $  64  $  3  Cost of sales  $  2,614  $  (288)  (b)  $  1,217  $  1,598  $  1,033  $  458  $  (1,404)  Operating income  $  2,350  $  -  $  385  $  314  $  160  $  241  $  1,250  (Loss) income from equity investees  (63)  -  -  -  30  -  (93)  Other non-operating income, net  12  -  -  3  -  1  8  Earnings before interest expense and income  taxes  2,299  -  385  317  190  242  1,165  Interest expense  (310)  -  (159)  (27)  (42)  (56)  (26)  Income tax expense  (522)  -  (58)  (69)  (41)  (42)  (312)  Net income attributable to UGI  $  1,467  $  -  $  168  $  221  $  107  $  144  $  827  Depreciation and amortization  $  502  $  -  $  173  $  134  $  76  $  119  $  -  Total assets  $  16,723  $  (241)  $  4,485  $  4,421  $  3,010  $  4,859  $  189  Short-term borrowings  $  367  $  -  $  170  $  -  $  -  $  197  $  -  Capital expenditures (including the effects of  accruals)  $  674  $  -  $  130  $  107  $  43  $  394  $  -  Investments in equity investees  $  174  $  -  $  -  $  11  $  163  $  -  $  -  2020  Revenues from external customers  $  6,559  $  -  $  2,381  $  2,127  $  1,065  $  983  $  3  Intersegment revenues  $  -  $  (232)  (b)  $  -  $  -  $  182  $  47  $  3  Cost of sales  $  3,149  $  (229)  (b)  $  960  $  1,191  $  892  $  448  $  (113)  Operating income (loss)  $  982  $  -  $  373  $  241  $  140  $  229  $  (1)  Income from equity investees  27  -  -  -  27  -  -  Other non-operating (expense) income, net  (20)  -  -  18  1  -  (39)  Earnings (loss) before interest expense and  income taxes  989  -  373  259  168  229  (40)  Interest expense  (322)  -  (164)  (31)  (42)  (54)  (31)  Income tax (expense) benefit  (135)  -  (53)  (55)  (34)  (39)  46  Net income (loss) attributable to UGI  $  532  $  -  $  156  $  173  $  92  $  136  $  (25)  Depreciation and amortization  $  484  $  -  $  178  $  125  $  75  $  105  $  1  Total assets  $  13,985  $  (282)  $  4,327  $  3,123  $  2,775  $  3,809  $  233  Short-term borrowings  $  347  $  -  $  186  $  1  $  19  $  141  $  -  Capital expenditures (including the effects of  accruals)  $  665  $  -  $  135  $  89  $  93  $  348  $  -  Investments in equity investees  $  200  $  -  $  -  $  10  $  190  $  -  $  -  Total  Elim-  inations  AmeriGas  Propane  UGI  International  Midstream  &amp;  Marketing  Utilities  Corporate &amp;  Other (a)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

- (a) Corporate  &amp;  Other  includes  specific  items  attributable  to  our  reportable  segments  that  are  not  included  in  the  segment profit  measures  used  by  our  CODM  in  assessing  our  reportable  segments'  performance  or  allocating  resources.    The following table presents such pre-tax gains (losses) which have been included in Corporate &amp; Other, and the reportable segments to which they relate, for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020:

| Location on Income Statement  AmeriGas  Propane  UGI  International  Midstream  &amp; Marketing  2022  Net gains (losses) on commodity derivative instruments  not associated with current-period transactions  Revenues  $  -  $  9  $  (4)  Net (losses) gains on commodity derivative instruments  not associated with current-period transactions  Cost of Sales  $  (185)  $  797  $  (21)  Net gains on commodity derivative instruments not  associated with current-period transactions  Other operating income, net  $  -  $  2  $  -  Restructuring costs  Operating and administrative  expenses  $  (21)  $  (9)  $  (1)  Loss on extinguishment of debt  Loss on extinguishments of debt  $  -  $  (11)  $  -  Unrealized gains on foreign currency derivative  instruments  Other non-operating income  (expense), net  $  -  $  50  $  -  Impairments of certain equity method investments and  assets  Operating and administrative  expenses; (Loss) income from  equity investees, respectively  $  -  $  (5)  $  (35)  2021  Net losses on commodity derivative instruments not  associated with current-period transactions  Revenues  $  -  $  -  $  (15)  Net gains on commodity derivative instruments not  associated with current-period transactions  Cost of sales  $  167  $  1,065  $  173  Unrealized losses on foreign currency derivative  instruments  Other non-operating income  (expense), net  $  -  $  8  $  -  Business transformation expenses  Operating and administrative  expenses  $  (54)  $  (33)  $  -  Impairment of customer relationship intangible  Operating and administrative  expenses  $  -  $  (20)  $  -  Impairments associated with certain equity method  investments  (Loss) income from equity  investees  $  -  $  -  $  (93)  2020  Net gains on commodity derivative instruments not  associated with current-period transactions  Revenues  $  -  $  -  $  3  Net gains on commodity derivative instruments not  associated with current-period transactions  Cost of Sales  $  72  $  -  $  42  Unrealized losses on foreign currency derivative  instruments  Other non-operating income  (expense), net  $  -  $  (36)  $  -  Acquisition and integration expenses associated with  the CMG Acquisition  Operating and administrative  expenses  $  -  $  -  $  (2)  Business transformation expenses  Operating and administrative  expenses  $  (44)  $  (18)  $  -  Loss on disposals of Conemaugh and HVAC  Loss on disposals of Conemaugh  and HVAC  $  -  $  -  $  (54)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(b) Represents the elimination of intersegment transactions principally among Midstream &amp; Marketing, Utilities and AmeriGas Propane.

## Note 24 - Business Transformation Initiatives

AmeriGas  and  UGI  International. Beginning  in  Fiscal  2019,  we  began  executing  on  multi-year  business  transformation initiatives at our AmeriGas Propane and UGI International business segments. These initiatives are designed to improve long-

## Table of Contents

## UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise)

term  operational  performance  by,  among  other  things,  reducing  costs  and  improving  efficiency  in  the  areas  of  sales  and marketing,  supply  and  logistics,  operations,  purchasing,  and  administration.  In  addition,  these  business  transformation initiatives  focus  on  enhancing  the  customer  experience  through,  among  other  things,  enhanced  customer  relationship management and an improved digital  customer  experience.    During  Fiscal  2021  and  Fiscal  2020  we  incurred  $87  and  $62 respectively,  of  costs  principally  comprising  consulting,  advisory,  marketing  and  employee-related  costs.  These  costs  are primarily reflected in 'Operating and administrative expenses' on the Consolidated Statements of Income. These previously announced business transformation initiatives were substantially complete by the end of Fiscal 2021.

Corporate Services. Beginning in Fiscal 2020, we initiated a transformation project focused on our support functions including: finance,  procurement, human resources, and information technology. This initiative will standardize processes and activities across our global platform, while leveraging the use of best practices and efficiencies between our businesses. In connection with  this  initiative,  during  Fiscal  2022  and  2021,  we  incurred  $9  and  $14,  respectively.  Amounts  in  connection  with  this initiative are reflected in 'Operating and administrative expenses' on the Consolidated Statement of Income.

## Note 25 - Subsequent Events

## Dispositions

UGI  International  United  Kingdom  Energy  Marketing. In  October  2022,  UGI  International,  through  a  wholly-owned subsidiary, sold its natural gas marketing business located in the United Kingdom resulting in a net cash payment to the buyer of  $19  which  includes  working  capital  adjustments.    The  assets  and  liabilities  associated  with  this  business,  primarily attributable  to  the  value  of  unrealized  gains  and  losses  on  derivative  contracts,  are  classified  as  held-for-sale  on  the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2022.  During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company recognized an impairment charge, which was limited to the disposal group's long-lived assets in accordance with its policy related to assets held for sale.  Such impairment in Fiscal 2022 was not material.  An incremental pretax loss of approximately $220  was  recognized  in  the  first  quarter  of  Fiscal  2023  in  connection  with  the  completed  sale,  largely  attributable  to  the difference  between  the  net  cash  payment  to  the  buyer  and  the  fair  value  of  net  derivative  assets  sold  along  with  customer contracts as of the transaction date. The change in the net assets held for sale as of September 30, 2022, and the loss recognized upon disposal in October 2022, was due to the change in the fair value of the net derivative assets subsequent to September 30, 2022.

UGI  International  France  Energy  Marketing. In  November  2022,  the  Company  announced  its  intent  to  sell  its  energy marketing business located in France, with a definitive agreement expected to be signed in the first quarter of Fiscal 2023.  The Company expects to recognize a significant loss on the sale largely attributable to the value of net derivative assets sold along with the related customer contracts.  At September 30, 2022, the carrying value of the net assets of the Company's energy marketing business in France amounted to approximately $470 with primarily all of that value related to the fair value of the applicable derivative contracts.

## UGI CORPORATION

## SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT (PARENT COMPANY)

## BALANCE SHEETS

(Millions of dollars)

| September 30,  2022  2021  ASSETS  Current assets:  Cash and cash equivalents  $  20  $  14  Accounts receivable - related parties  24  18  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  20  11  Total current assets  64  43  Property, plant and equipment, net  1  2  Investments in subsidiaries  7,035  6,479  Other assets  97  107  Total assets  $  7,197  $  6,631  LIABILITIES AND COMMON STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY  Current liabilities:  Current maturities of long-term debt  $  125  $  70  Accounts and notes payable  20  24  Accrued liabilities  51  62  Total current liabilities  196  156  Long-term debt  889  875  Other noncurrent liabilities  46  78  Total liabilities  1,131  1,109  Commitments and contingencies (Note 1)  Equity:  Preferred Stock, without par value (authorized - 5,000,000; issued - 220,000 and 220,000,  respectively)  162  213  Common Stock, without par value (authorized - 450,000,000 shares; issued - 210,560,494  and 209,843,296 shares, respectively)  1,483  1,394  Retained earnings  4,841  4,081  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  (380)  (140)  Treasury stock, at cost  (40)  (26)  Total common stockholders' equity  6,066  5,522  Total liabilities and common stockholders' equity  $  7,197  $  6,631   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 1 - Commitments and Contingencies:

At September 30, 2022, UGI Corporation had agreed to indemnify the issuers of $107 of surety bonds issued on behalf of certain UGI subsidiaries. UGI Corporation is authorized to guarantee up to $475 of obligations to suppliers and customers of Energy Services and subsidiaries of which $371 of such obligations were outstanding as of September 30, 2022.

Scheduled principal repayments of long-term debt during the next five fiscal years include $125 in Fiscal 2023, $377 in Fiscal 2024, and $515 in Fiscal 2025.

## UGI CORPORATION

## SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT (PARENT COMPANY)

## STATEMENTS OF INCOME

(Millions of dollars, except per share amounts)

| Year Ended September 30,  2022  2021  2020  Revenues  $  -  $  -  $  -  Costs and expenses:  Operating and administrative expenses  74  94  56  Other operating income, net (a)  (63)  (65)  (54)  11  29  2  Operating loss  (11)  (29)  (2)  Pension and other postretirement plans non-service expense  (3)  -  -  Interest expense  (35)  (27)  (32)  Loss before income taxes  (49)  (56)  (34)  Income tax expense  -  9  17  Loss before equity in income of unconsolidated subsidiaries  (49)  (65)  (51)  Equity in income of unconsolidated subsidiaries  1,122  1,532  583  Net income attributable to UGI Corporation  $  1,073  $  1,467  $  532  Other comprehensive income (loss)  34  7  (12)  Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of unconsolidated subsidiaries  (274)  -  82  Comprehensive income attributable to UGI Corporation  $  833  $  1,474  $  602  Earnings per common share attributable to UGI Corporation stockholders:  Basic  $  5.11  $  7.02  $  2.55  Diluted  $  4.97  $  6.92  $  2.54  Weighted - average common shares outstanding (thousands):  Basic  209,940  209,063  208,928  Diluted  215,821  212,126  209,869   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) UGI  provides  certain  financial  and  administrative  services  to  certain  of  its  subsidiaries.  UGI  bills  these  subsidiaries monthly  for  all  direct  expenses  incurred  by  UGI  on  behalf  of  its  subsidiaries  as  well  as  allocated  shares  of  indirect corporate  expense  incurred  or  paid  with  respect  to  services  provided  by  UGI.  The  allocation  of  indirect  UGI  corporate expenses  to  certain  of  its  subsidiaries  utilizes  a  weighted,  three-component  formula  comprising  revenues,  operating expenses, and net assets employed and considers the relative percentage of such items for each subsidiary to the total of such  items  for  all  UGI  operating  subsidiaries  for  which  general  and  administrative  services  are  provided.  Management believes that this allocation method is reasonable and equitable to its subsidiaries. These billed expenses are classified as 'Other operating income, net' in the Statements of Income above.

## UGI CORPORATION SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT (PARENT COMPANY)

## STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(Millions of dollars)

| Year Ended September 30,  2022  2021  2020  NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES (a)  $  485  $  300  $  322  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:  Return of capital distributions  175  -  -  Net investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries  (390)  (401)  -  Net cash used by investing activities  (215)  (401)  -  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:  Dividends on UGI Common Stock  (296)  (282)  (273)  Issuances of debt, net of issuance costs  597  483  60  Repayments of long-term debt  (530)  (385)  (60)  Issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs  -  213  -  Issuances of UGI Common Stock  19  19  2  Repurchases of UGI Common Stock  (38)  -  (38)  Payments on Purchase Contracts  (16)  -  -  Net cash (used) provided by financing activities  (264)  48  (309)  Cash and cash equivalents increase (decrease)  $  6  $  (53)  $  13  Cash and cash equivalents:  End of year  $  20  $  14  $  67  Beginning of year  14  67  54  Cash and cash equivalents increase (decrease)  $  6  $  (53)  $  13   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Includes dividends received from unconsolidated subsidiaries of $506, $354 and $352 for the years ended September 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Table of Contents

## UGI CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

(Millions of dollars)

| Balance at  beginning  of year  Charged  (credited)  to costs and  expenses  Other  Balance at  end of  year  Year Ended September 30, 2022  Reserves deducted from assets in the consolidated  balance sheet:  Allowance for doubtful accounts  $  53  $  61  $  (50) (1)  $  64  Other reserves:  Deferred tax assets valuation allowance  $  138  $  (14)  $  17  (2)  $  141  Year Ended September 30, 2021  Reserves deducted from assets in the consolidated  balance sheet:  Allowance for doubtful accounts  $  42  $  36  $  (25) (1)  $  53  Other reserves:  Deferred tax assets valuation allowance  $  105  $  23  $  10  (2)  $  138  Year Ended September 30, 2020  Reserves deducted from assets in the consolidated  balance sheet:  Allowance for doubtful accounts  $  32  $  32  $  (22) (1)  $  42  Other reserves:  Deferred tax assets valuation allowance  $  91  $  -  $  14  (2)  $  105   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries.

(2) Primarily a notional interest deduction valuation allowance adjustment.

## I, Roger Perreault, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of UGI Corporation;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
5. (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
6. (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
7. (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
8. (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
10. (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
11. (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date:

November 21, 2022

## CERTIFICATION

/s/ Roger Perreault Roger Perreault President and Chief Executive Officer of UGI Corporation

## I, Ted J. Jastrzebski, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of UGI Corporation;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
5. (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
6. (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
7. (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
8. (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
10. (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
11. (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date:

November 21, 2022

## CERTIFICATION

/s/ Ted J. Jastrzebski

Ted J. Jastrzebski

Chief Financial Officer of UGI Corporation

## Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Relating to a Periodic Report Containing Financial Statements

- I, Roger Perreault, Chief Executive Officer, and I, Ted J. Jastrzebski, Chief Financial Officer, of UGI Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation (the 'Company'), hereby certify that to our knowledge:
- (1) The Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2022 (the 'Form 10-K') fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
- (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

¬¬¬

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

/s/Roger Perreault

Roger Perreault

Date:

November 21, 2022

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

/s/ Ted J. Jastrzebski

Ted J. Jastrzebski

Date:

November 21, 2022

## Corporate Information

## Annual Meeting

The Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held virtually at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on Friday, January 27, 2023. Interested parties may listen to the audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/UGI2023

## Investor Services

## Transfer Agent and Registrar

Shareholder communications regarding transfer of shares, book-entry shares, lost certificates, lost dividend checks or changes of address should be directed to:

By Mail: Computershare Investor Services P.O. Box 43006 Providence, RI 02940-3066

By Overnight Delivery: Computershare Investor Services 150 Royall St., Suite 101 Canton, MA 02021

800-850-1774 (U.S. and Canada), 312-360-5100 (other countries)

Shareholders can also view real-time account information and request transfer agent services online at the Computershare Investor Services website: www.computershare.com/investor. Computershare Investor Services can be accessed through telecommunications devices for the hearing impaired by calling: 800-822-2794 (U.S. and Canada), 312-588-4110 (other countries)

## Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan

The plan is sponsored and administered by Computershare, N.A. and provides investors with a simple and convenient method to purchase shares of UGI Common Stock. Shareholders may use all or any part of the dividends they receive to purchase shares of Common Stock. The plan also permits participants to make monthly cash purchases of Common Stock not exceeding $75,000 per year. Investors may become participants by making an initial cash investment of at least $1,000 but not more than $75,000. All such purchases are without brokerage commissions or service charges. For information about the Plan, write or call:

By Mail: Computershare Investor Services P.O. Box 43006 Providence, RI 02940-3066

By Overnight Delivery: Computershare Investor Services 150 Royall St., Suite 101 Canton, MA 02021

800-850-1774 (U.S. and Canada), 312-360-5100 (other countries)

Plan information is also available on the Computershare Investor Services website: www.computershare.com/investor

## Investor Relations

Securities analysts, portfolio managers and other members of the professional investment community should direct inquiries about the Company to:

Senior Director, Investor Relations UGI Corporation P.O. Box 858 Valley Forge, PA 19482 610-337-1000

## News, Earnings, Financial Reports and Governance Documents

Comprehensive news, webcast events, governance documents and other information about UGI is available via the internet at https://www.ugicorp.com.

You can request reports filed with the SEC and corporate governance documents, including the Company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Principles of Corporate Governance, and the charters for the Company's Board Committees, free of charge by writing to Senior Director, Investor Relations, UGI Corporation, at the address above.

## Officers

## Roger Perreault

President and Chief Executive Officer, UGI Corporation

## Ted J. Jastrzebski

Chief Financial Officer, UGI Corporation

## Robert F. Beard

Chief Operating Officer, UGI Corporation

## Monica M. Gaudiosi

Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, UGI Corporation

## John Koerwer

Chief Information Officer, UGI Corporation

## Judy Zagorski

Chief Human Resources Officer, UGI Corporation

## Jean Felix Tematio Dontsop

Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller, UGI Corporation

## Hans G. Bell

President, UGI Utilities, Inc.

## Laurence Broseta

President, UGI International, LLC

## Joseph L. Hartz

President, UGI Energy Services, LLC

## Paul M. Ladner

President, AmeriGas Propane, Inc.

## C. David Lokant

President, Mountaineer Gas Company

## Board of Directors

## Frank S. Hermance

Chair of the Board since January 2020; Director since September 2011

## John L. Walsh

Director since April 2005

## M. Shawn Bort

Director since January 2009

## James B. Stallings Jr.

Director since September 2015

Theodore A. Dosch

Director since July 2017

## Alan N. Harris

Director since March 2018

Kelly A. Romano

Director since January 2019

## William J. Marrazzo

Director since September 2019

Mario Longhi Director since April 2020

## Cindy J. Miller

Director since September 2020

## Roger Perreault

Director since June 2021

<!-- image -->

P.O. Box 858 Valley Forge, PA 19482

You can obtain news and other information about UGI Corporation at www.ugicorp.com