Fresh Fields Ahead

<!-- image -->

## Water Oasis Group Limited

(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability )

1161

<!-- image -->

2022

<!-- image -->

## CONTENTS

- 02 Corporate Profile
- 04 CEO's Statement
- 06 Management Discussion and Analysis
- 14 Directors and Senior Management
- 17 Corporate Governance Report
- 33 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
- 48 Directors' Report
- 59 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
- Independent Auditor's Report
- Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
- Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
- Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
- Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
- Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
- 127 Five-Year Financial Summary
- 128 Corporate Information

## Corporate Profile

Water Oasis Group Limited (the 'Company' or 'Water Oasis', together with its subsidiaries, collectively the 'Group') is a leading beauty services provider and beauty product retailer in Hong Kong. Founded in 1998 and listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in 2002, from its beginnings the Group has been one of Hong Kong's most innovative companies within its industry, and has been responsible for numerous 'firsts'. Coupling a clear vision with a constant impetus for development and transformation, the Group has expanded over the years into an esteemed provider of beauty services while continuing to hold a strong product portfolio of self-owned and licensed brands. In June 2021, it acquired the beauty service and product portfolios of the Millistrong Group, further expanding its presence and market share in the Hong Kong beauty industry.

## Oasis Portfolio

The Group's core beauty services, linked under the 'Oasis' brand name, together make up a synergistic portfolio  of  beauty  and  related  wellness  services.  The  various  Oasis  brand  segments  deliver  a comprehensive all-round offering of beauty services and products that give the Oasis range a strong and unique competitive advantage in the market. The Oasis range appeals to almost all significant consumer sectors, including high-end, mid-range and mass market customers, both male and female. It offers a full selection of general, specialist and medical beauty services.

As at 30th September, 2022, the Group had 15 Oasis Beauty centres in Hong Kong, and a further 3 Oasis Beauty centres in Beijing. These attractively presented centres serve middle-class customers looking for a mix of high quality skincare products and advanced beauty equipment, with treatments administered by professional beauticians. In addition, 2 Oasis Homme centres in Hong Kong deliver high-end one-stop facial and body treatments for men.

Meanwhile, the Group's 3 Oasis Spa centres provide outstanding beauty service and slimming experiences for high-end customers, offering advanced beauty equipment and treatments in a luxuriously soothing environment. Each is equipped with world-class beauty machines, and staffed by highly trained professional beauticians.

The Group's 11 Oasis Medical centres offer state-of-the-art medical aesthetic treatments under the careful oversight of full-time registered medical doctors and professional therapists. The centres are equipped with the latest advanced equipment, and provide treatments for a wide range of skin issues.

In  Macau, the Group maintains 1 Oasis Beauty Store and salon, which sells Glycel and H2O+ brand products as well as offering beauty treatment services.

The Group also has 4 Oasis Hair Spas in Hong Kong, each operating independently within Oasis Beauty centres and offering advanced hair growth and scalp treatment options for men and women. In 2022, it opened its first Oasis Dental outlet, providing convenient dental treatments and cosmetic dental services to customers. Other related services operating under the Oasis brand are Oasis Mom, offering treatments tailored to new mothers and mothers-to-be, and Oasis Florist.

## Glycel

Alongside its Oasis brands is the Group's self-owned Glycel brand, a reputable skincare brand recognised for its  pioneering cell rejuvenation technology. Glycel adds a more international edge to the Group's beauty offerings, with cellular therapy and anti-aging products developed in Switzerland. Acquired in 2010 with worldwide distribution rights, the Group currently has 18 outlets in Hong Kong, and a further 2 in Macau. These include a range of spas providing high-end beauty services with a luxury ambience, retailing the Swiss-made Glycel product range. Glycel has also made a name for itself for the very wide range of high-end, state-of-the-art beauty devices and treatments it offers customers.

## Eurobeauté and DermaSynergy

The Group's self-owned Eurobeauté brand products are used extensively as integral parts of many Oasis Beauty treatments, as well as being sold directly to consumers at its outlets. Developed based on leading global research and technology, the expanding range of Eurobeauté products is providing Asian women with home-based skincare solutions that effectively complement the professional salon treatments supplied by the Group. In November 2021, it opened its first Eurobeauté outlet in Macau.

Another important range of products for the Group are those under its own DermaSynergy brand. DermaSynergy brand is an advanced medical beauty product line that further expands the reach of its  Oasis Medical Centre business. DermaSynergy is a revolutionary skin care system that provides dermatological expertise to maximise the benefits of derma treatment. Its product range together represents a comprehensive skin care and protection system, professionally formulated especially for post-medical skin treatment.

## Retail Distributor

Separately from its beauty services, the Group also retails and distributes selected high-quality, world-renowned skincare brands in Hong Kong. One of these is Erno Laszlo, for which the Group has held exclusive Hong Kong distributorship rights since 2009. Erno Laszlo, the first doctor's skincare brand from New York, was founded in 1927 by renowned dermatologist Dr. Erno Laszlo, and has long been embraced by global celebrities and Hollywood stars who have included Marilyn Monroe, Audrey Hepburn and Grace Kelly. The Group operates 3 Erno Laszlo outlets in Hong Kong, plus 1 Erno Laszlo counter in Macau.

The Group has also been a long-time distributor of products of H2O+, a renowned marine-derived skincare brand from the United States. Its distributorship rights for this brand expired in November 2022 as a result of the brand owner's decision to retreat from global exposure.

## Newly acquired brands

In  June 2021, the Group acquired the Millistrong Group, a Hong Kong beauty group that has been operating in the city since 2003. This saw Water Oasis acquire a strong brand portfolio of beauty care products on the one hand, and beauty services (including spas and a medical beauty outlet) on the other, each with a large and loyal customer base. The acquisition has immediately expanded the Group's market share in Hong Kong, and opened up new potential for further growth. At the same time, it is leading to new synergies between the various brands under the Group, including many opportunities for cross-selling and data-sharing.

The Group acquired one new retail distribution brand as a result of the acquisition. HABA is a line of high quality skincare and beauty products originating from Japan. Apart from selling HABA products in Hong Kong (3 stores) and Macau (2 outlets), the Group also has wholesale distributor rights on the Mainland, where the brand enjoys strong sales.

Also included in the Millistrong Group acquisition were three beauty services brands. The first, spa ph+ (which previously operated under the name 'Frederique'), has 5 branches around Hong Kong. The spa ph+ business offers a full range of spa services utilising internationally renowned skincare brands, staffed with qualified beauty therapists. The second beauty services business, AesMedic Clinic, is a single medical beauty treatment centre offering advanced treatments for all kinds of skin and body issues. The third is 32 O C, a Japanese-founded brand that provides beauty services along with associated skincare products. The Group operates one 32 O C store in Hong Kong.

## CEO's Statement

With 104 days of mandatory closure of our beauty services in 2021-2022, this was never going to be a year for celebrating exceptional performances or record bottom lines. Nevertheless, looking back on the year, there is much to be pleased with in the way we handled the challenges of the pandemic and, more importantly, began preparing for better times ahead.

To begin with, we completed the acquisition of the Millistrong Group, begun in July 2021, and incorporated the performance of the new brands acquired from Millistrong into our Group accounts. The acquisition has brought a stable of strongly-performing brands of both beauty products and services, widening our revenues, expanding our market share and strengthening our overall corporate profile.

We continued to roll out new services across all our brands throughout the year, maintaining our reputation for vitality and innovation. One highlight was the launch of our joint venture Oasis Dental in April 2022, when we took our first step into a new market by offering a range of dental treatments including cosmetic dental services.

We also made significant changes to some of our stores in terms of locations and layouts. In fact, the year was notable for the effort we put into negotiating improved rental agreements, upgrading our store locations, enhancing our store fittings and furnishings and, most importantly, expanding the size of many of our most important outlets. Much of this work was done when the pandemic had effectively locked down Hong Kong. It reflected our belief that, when things returned to a more normal state, we should be ready to take full advantage. Elsewhere we were also very active in preparing for the future. In Macau, we expanded our presence by opening five new shops under three different brands, while in early October 2022 we opened our fourth self-managed Oasis Beauty Centre in Beijing.

We continued our efforts to promote our products and services online through our websites and on social media platforms. These efforts have been very successful, and we have seen our online sales increase strongly by around 33% over the year. We will continue to develop and expand our online sales platform as more and more shoppers embrace this kind of shopping experience.

As I write, the pandemic situation in Hong Kong is looking increasingly positive, although the opening of the border with the Mainland still looks to be some way off. Our efforts over recent months to upgrade and expand our stores, including new openings in Macau, mean we are very well placed to take advantage of increased spending and a more normal shopping environment, and even more so if tourists start to return to Hong Kong.

Overall, Water Oasis has weathered the pandemic storm with care and confidence. Our steady results, cautious expansion and forward-looking planning are all preparing us well for the future. Our capital expenditures over the past year have been high, but we see this as an important investment in the future and we are confident about what that future holds. Our strong and varied portfolio of beauty products and services, good reputation, prudent management and clear vision for the future are all qualities of the Group that I believe will translate into a strong performance in the coming year.

<!-- image -->

Alan Tam Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer

## Management Discussion and Analysis

In the year ended 30th September, 2022, lengthy mandatory government closures severely affected the Group's beauty services business while the effects of the pandemic also dragged down retail sales. Despite these challenges, the addition of the full-year performance of the brands acquired from Water Oasis's acquisition of the Millistrong Group on 28th June, 2021 led to an increase in overall revenue year-on-year.

In total, the Group's beauty services outlets were required to close completely for 104 days throughout 2021-2022, around one half more than in 2020-2021 when mandatory closures amounted to 70 days in total. During this lengthy closure period, all the Group's revenue was derived solely from product sales.

The loss of nearly one third of a year's revenue from beauty services meant that beauty products played a larger part in the product/service mix than previously, rising to 20.2% from 15.1% the previous year. This also affected the Group's gross profit margin (the 'GP Margin') due to the fact that beauty services generally provide higher margins than beauty products. The GP Margin adjusted to 87.8% from 92.2% previously. The Group's profit for the year was also affected by the derecognition adjustment of financial assets amounting to HK$33.4 million, as a result of the full settlement of a dispute arising from the Group's acquisition of the Millistrong Group in June 2021 made between the Company, the vendor and the guarantors.

In terms of costs as a percentage of revenue, advertising continued to be kept under tight control given the unpromising environment, falling to just 1.8% from 2.2%. Depreciation costs of property and equipment rose to 4.6% from 3.4% as a result of higher capital expenditure during the year, arising from extensive spending on relocations, new store openings, and refurbishments. Rent and rates and staff costs also rose as the Group opened new and larger stores and took on new staff. These expenses also increased as a result of the incorporation of the full-year results of the brands acquired from the Millistrong Group.

The Group was not idle during the shutdown period. Indeed, it has been active throughout the COVID-affected year in planning for the post-COVID future and preparing for a return to normality. This is why much effort was expended during the year on new store openings, store expansions and renovations. The Group finished the year with 67 stores for its various Water Oasis portfolio beauty services and products, up from 61 last year.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

These moves explain the significant increase in its capital expenditure year on year. The Group was determined to prepare assiduously for the end of the pandemic period and ensure its stores are ready to grasp opportunities as they return. Total capital expenditure amounted to HK$90.4 million, against last year's figure of HK$51.4 million. Of this figure, HK$79.8 million was utilised for Water Oasis brands (against HK$50.9 million the previous year), and the remainder was spent on the brands newly acquired from Millistrong Group. Apart from spending on the new stores and store expansions described above, the Group continued to acquire state-of-the-art beauty treatment equipment for its expanding Oasis Medical centres, as well as the specialist equipment needed to set up its new Oasis Dental joint venture operation.

At year-end, the Group had a total staff count of 1,112, up from 968 last year. Although staff associated with businesses acquired from the Millistrong Group fell due to store closures during the year (from 152 to 144 staff), new store openings of Water Oasis brands and expansion to existing outlets resulted in a growth in overall staff numbers from 816 to 968 this year.

As at 30th September, 2022 the Group held bank balances and cash of approximately HK$234.3 million in total. Its current ratio was 0.5:1 and its gearing ratio was 1.1%. The board of directors has recommended the payment of a final dividend of 7.5 HK cents per share, bringing the full-year dividend to 7.5 HK cents (2021: 22.0 HK cents) per share.

## Business Review

## Beauty Services

## OASIS Portfolio

The Group's Oasis portfolio comprised several closely related beauty services under the Oasis brand profile. These include the core services businesses Oasis Beauty and Oasis Spa, the professional medical beauty specialist Oasis Medical, and various smaller supplementary services, namely Oasis Homme, Oasis Hair Spa, Oasis Dental, Oasis Mom and Oasis Florist.

As noted above, all the Group's spas, beauty centres and medical beauty centres in Hong Kong were subject to a total of 104 days of mandatory closures in 2021-2022. Inevitably then, revenues for all the Group's beauty services brands fell year-on-year except for Oasis Medical, whose year-on-year results were boosted by strong performances when they were able to open as well as the opening of two new Oasis Medical centres during the year.

In April 2022, a new flagship Oasis store was opened on the second floor of the Royal Park Hotel in Shatin. This venue includes an Oasis Medical centre, a Glycel Skinspa and the new Oasis Dental business, and occupies more than 10,000 square feet. Presenting a grand and luxurious appearance to customers, the new store is an exceptional advertisement for the Group's beauty services. Elsewhere, Oasis Beauty rented additional floor areas in Causeway Bay Plaza Phase 1, expanding the space available for treatments in that location.

Some store relocations also boosted the Group's Oasis profile. For instance, a Glycel outlet in the Hong Kong Pacific Centre in Tsim Sha Tsui was relocated to the 10th floor of The Gateway nearby, where two Oasis brands - Oasis Medical and Oasis Spa - were already operating. The result is that now the entire 10th floor is occupied by Group-owned businesses, making available a comprehensive range of beauty services in a one-stop environment.

At year-end, the Group was operating 17 Oasis Beauty centres in Hong Kong (comprising 15 Oasis Beauty and 2 Oasis Homme centres), the same number as in the previous year, along with 1 Oasis Beauty Store in Macau and 3 self-owned centres in the PRC. A further Oasis Beauty centre was opened in Beijing shortly after year-end. The Group was also operating 3 Oasis Spa outlets, and 4 Oasis Hair Spas.

<!-- image -->

## Oasis Medical

Despite lengthy mandatory closures during the year, the Group's Oasis Medical, which provides a range of advanced specialist medical beauty treatments, recorded a revenue increase year-on-year. This was the result of strong and growing patronage in the periods when the centres were open, as well as the contributions of 2 new Oasis Medical centres opened during the year. One of these was opened back in November 2021, in The LOHAS, an upmarket shopping centre near Tseung Kwan O. The second was opened in July 2022 in the PopCorn Mall, located above Tseung Kwan O station. The PopCorn location boasts an extensive shopfront featuring a prominent and eye-catching LED display.

These  two  openings  have  extended the  coverage  of  Oasis  Medical  to  the up-and-coming eastern areas of Hong Kong. They brought the number of Oasis Medical centres operating in Hong Kong at year-end to 11, up from 9 last year.

<!-- image -->

## Oasis Dental

<!-- image -->

## Oasis Hair Spa

The Group continued to operate its Oasis Hair Spa service in four locations in Hong Kong, inside larger Oasis Beauty centres. The Hair Spas offer advanced and high-end hair and scalp treatments that are a natural extension of the beauty treatments available for face and body provided by Oasis Beauty.

Oasis Dental is a new joint venture business launched by the Group in collaboration with an experienced dental group. The first outlet of this new venture opened within the new Royal Park Hotel outlet of Oasis Medical in late April  2022, soon after the government closure order ended. The convenient location of Oasis Dental is making it easy for existing Oasis customers to enjoy a 'one-stop' beauty and dental service. This is the Group's first move into the dental business, and early response has been good.

<!-- image -->

## Glycel

The Group's Glycel brand records revenue from both beauty services, under its Skinspa treatment operations, and product sales.

In recent years, the Group has been focusing on enhancing the appeal of its Glycel outlets through expansions and relocations. It continued with this strategy during the year, for example moving its Shatin Glycel premises to a new location adjacent to the new flagship Oasis Medical centre on the second floor of the Royal Park Hotel in Shatin. The cluster of high-end beauty services brands here represents excellent exposure and the opportunity for many cross-brand synergies.

Other Glycel relocations during the year, all designed to enhance the size and attractiveness of these locations for customers, included a move of the Glycel outlet situated in the Pacific Centre to a larger venue in the Gateway, Harbour City. The entire floor has been leased by the Group, bringing together Glycel, Oasis Spa and Oasis Medical to create a new and high profile flagship store in this very upscale shopping environment.

As Macau's business environment has continued to stabilise in the face of the pandemic, the Group also opened two new Glycel outlets there during the year, both in the upscale NOVA Mall. One of these is a counter in the Yaohan department store in the mall, and the other a Skinspa with 5 service rooms attached.

As at 30th September, 2022 the Group was operating 18 Glycel outlets in Hong Kong and a further 2 in Macau.

<!-- image -->

## spa ph+, AesMedic Clinic and 32˚C

The spa ph+ brand was acquired as part of the Millistrong acquisition, and currently operates in 5 outlets across Hong Kong. During the year, 2 spa ph+ outlets were relocated to improved locations. One in Carnarvon Plaza was moved to the Pacific Centre in May, while another on the 4th floor of Shatin's New Town Plaza was moved to a more spacious location on the 10th floor in July 2022, replacing the Glycel outlet in that location that had been moved to the Royal Park Hotel. AesMedic Clinic is a medical beauty outlet that was also formerly part of the Millistrong Group, operating in 1 location in Hong Kong. 32 O C continued to be sold from 1 outlet in Hong Kong.

## Product Sales HABA

<!-- image -->

HABA is a skincare distribution brand acquired by the Group as part of the Millistrong acquisition. The Group began the year with 7 HABA stores in Hong Kong, but during 2021-2022 it closed 4 underperforming stores to end the year with 3 still in operation. Against this, it also opened 2 new HABA counters for the first time in Macau. The brand continues to sell steadily on the Mainland, where the Group has wholesale distribution rights.

<!-- image -->

## Glycel

The brand experienced single-digit sales growth in the year due to the challenging retail conditions under COVID.

<!-- image -->

## Eurobeauté and DermaSynergy

<!-- image -->

The Group's Eurobeauté brand includes a range of products used in and sold to customers at the Group's spas and beauty centres, while its self-owned DermaSynergy brand offers various skincare and related beauty products for consumers and is mostly sold at Oasis Medical centres. Because both sets of products are primarily available from beauty services outlets, sales were naturally affected by the lengthy closures of these centres during the year. In November 2021, a first Eurobeauté outlet was opened in Macau.

## Erno Laszlo

The Group operated four Erno Laszlo outlets at year end, 3 in Hong Kong and 1 in Macau. Pandemic strictures and border closures squeezed its performance in the year.

<!-- image -->

## PROSPECTS

Despite a very challenging environment for the Group's operations over the past year, it is confident that the end is in sight and that better times lie ahead. As noted above, spending on beauty services showed an immediate rebound when beauty service outlets were able to reopen in late April 2022, and the Group has noted a steady and encouraging performance as the year has gone on. There is no slackening in customer demand for high quality beauty and skincare services, and Water Oasis has been working hard over the past year to ensure it is ready to meet customer demand as it rises again.

In  October 2022, the Group opened a new Oasis Medical centre in Hong Kong's Soundwill Plaza in Causeway Bay. This latest in the expanding network of Oasis Medical occupies the entire 27th floor of Soundwill Plaza, merging two smaller Oasis Medical centres that had been operating nearby (one in the World Trade Centre and the other on a lower floor of Soundwill Plaza). Covering around 7,000 square feet in total, the new Oasis Medical centre provides customers with a spacious and luxurious environment in the heart of one of Hong Kong's premier shopping districts. Elsewhere, a new Oasis Beauty outlet opened in Beijing in October after year-end, taking the number of Oasis Beauty outlets in the capital city to 4.

After many years of distributing H2O+ products in Hong Kong, the Group ceased its distributorship of this brand in November 2022 as a result of the brand owner's decision to retreat from global exposure. With a large stable of popular beauty and skincare brands available, this move has no significant effect on the Group's future performance.

The Group believes it is in a strong position to benefit from returning sales over the year ahead, with more and larger stores now available to take up customer demand. Most of its customers are local ones, but if borders are opened with the Mainland in the coming year, this is expected to further reinvigorate the Group's sales.

At the time of writing, Hong Kong faces a relatively gloomy economic outlook, with the economy continuing to contract. Nonetheless, the Group's local customer base has remained steady, supported by the Group's extensive and expanding range of products and services and the close synergies between many of its brands and offerings. Water Oasis enjoys a sound financial position and a proven business model, having successfully negotiating many storms in the past. Its products and services are considered as essentials by many, and its range of stores and outlets are easy to access, attractive and comfortable, and enjoy a reputation for quality. Given all these advantages, the Group is confident that it has taken the steps needed to ensure steady business growth in the year ahead.

## Directors and Senior Management

## DIRECTORS

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. YU Kam Shui, Erastus ,  aged 72, is an executive director and one of the founders of the Group. Mr. Yu is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Yu is the chairman of Disclosure Committee and a member of Investment Advisory Committee of the Company. He holds a Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from the University of Hawaii. Mr. Yu started his career in trading in the United States in 1993. Mr. Yu is primarily responsible for the business development of the Group. Mr. Yu is the brother of Ms. Yu Lai Chu, Eileen, Ms. Lai Yin Ping's husband and the uncle of Mr. Tam Siu Kei.

Mr. TAM Siu Kei ,  aged 45, is the Chief Executive Officer of the Group (the 'CEO') since 15th March, 2017 and is an executive director of the Company since 1st February, 2019. Mr. Tam is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Tam has been working for more than 20 years since he joined the Group in 1999. During his year of services in the Group, Mr. Tam has successfully launched our Medical Beauty services business in Hong Kong. He has also participated in the acquisition of our Group's Glycel brand business as well as obtaining the distributorship licences of Erno Laszlo. Besides, he has also assisted in developing the retail and beauty service businesses in various countries including the PRC, Macau, Taiwan and Singapore. Mr. Tam is the Beijing Chaoyang District Committee of CPPCC, Principal Advisor (Wanchai District) of the Auxiliary Medical Service and Senior Supervisor of Hong Kong Road Safety Patrol, Hong Kong Sheng Kung Hui (S.K.H.) Welfare Council Limited Audit Sub-Committee Member, Sponsoring Body Manager of S.K.H. St. Michael's Primary School, S.K.H. Chai Wan St. Michael's Primary School and St. Paul's Church Kindergarten. Mr. Tam holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Contemporary English Language. Mr. Tam is the son of Ms. Yu Lai Chu, Eileen, the nephew of Mr. Yu Kam Shui, Erastus and Ms. Lai Yin Ping, all of which are executive directors of the Company. Mr. Tam is a director of Zinna Group Limited, a substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Future Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong.

Ms. YU Lai Chu, Eileen , aged 70, is an executive director and one of the founders of the Group. Ms. Yu is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Ms. Yu started her own realty agency business in 1984 and she managed a retail jewellery chain. In 1993, she entered into the cosmetic and skincare market. Ms. Yu acted as the sole distributor of a number of well-known international brands of cosmetics. Ms. Yu is primarily responsible for the business development of the Group with particular emphasis on the spa business. Ms. Yu is the sister of Mr. Yu Kam Shui, Erastus, the sister-in-law of Ms. Lai Yin Ping and the mother of Mr. Tam Siu Kei. Ms. Yu is a director of Zinna Group Limited, a substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Future Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong.

Ms. LAI Yin Ping , aged 67, is an executive director and one of the founders of the Group. Ms. Lai is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Ms. Lai holds a Bachelor's Degree in Arts with Economics as her major. Prior to founding the Group in May 1998, Ms. Lai co-founded a trading business with Mr. Yu Kam Shui, Erastus in the United States in 1993. Ms. Lai is primarily responsible for the strategic planning of the Group. Ms. Lai is the wife of Mr. Yu Kam Shui, Erastus, the sister-in-law of Ms. Yu Lai Chu, Eileen and the aunt of Mr. Tam Siu Kei.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Prof. WONG Lung Tak, Patrick ,  B.B.S., J.P., aged 74, is an independent non-executive director since 2001, the chairman of Audit Committee and the members of Disclosure Committee, Investment Advisory Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company. Prof. Wong is a Practising Certified Public Accountant. He is the managing practising director of Patrick Wong CPA Limited and has over 50 years experience in the accountancy profession. Prof. Wong obtained a Doctor of Philosophy Degree in Business, was awarded a Badge of Honour in 1993 by the Queen of England. Prof. Wong has been appointed as a Justice of the Peace since 1998 and was awarded a Bronze Bauhinia Star (B.B.S.) in 2010 by The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (the 'HKSAR Government'). Prof. Wong is currently an independent non-executive director of C C Land Holdings Limited, Galaxy Entertainment Group Limited and Winox Holdings Limited. Prof. Wong was an independent non-executive director of BAIC Motor Corporation Limited, Li Bao Ge Group Limited and Sino Oil and Gas Holdings Limited from 2nd December, 2014 to 24th March, 2021, from 16th June, 2016 to 1st January, 2022 and from 16th August, 2010 to 24th November, 2022 respectively. All companies are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

Mr. WONG Chun Nam, Duffy , B.B.S., J.P., aged 69, is an independent non-executive director since 2001, the chairman of Remuneration Committee and members of Audit Committee, Disclosure Committee, Investment Advisory Committee and Nomination Committee of the Company. Mr. Wong is a consultant of Ho, Wong &amp; Wong Solicitors &amp; Notaries, practising commercial, corporate and tax laws. Mr. Wong has been a practising solicitor in Hong Kong since 1982 and is also a Notary Public, a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional, a Chartered Tax Adviser, an Accredited General Mediator and a member of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators. Mr. Wong participates in many public services including being a Justice of the Peace, a member of the Torture Claims Appeal Board and the Guardianship Board. Mr. Wong is currently an independent non-executive director of Ri Ying Holdings Limited which is listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

Dr. WONG Chi Keung ,  aged 67, is an independent non-executive director since 2004, the chairman of Investment Advisory Committee and Nomination Committee and members of Audit Committee, Disclosure Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company. Dr. Wong holds a Doctorate Degree in Business and is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Housing, Chartered Institute of Housing and Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors. He is a fellow of both The Hong Kong Institute of Directors and the Hong Kong Institute of Real Estate Administrators. He is an honorary fellow of Guangxi Academy of Social Science. Dr. Wong has also held various senior executive positions with some of Hong Kong's leading property companies. Dr. Wong is currently the deputy chairman and executive director of C C Land Holdings Limited and executive director of The Cross-Harbour (Holdings) Limited, both companies are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Besides, Dr. Wong is a director of The Hong Kong School of Motoring Limited and an alternate director of Autotoll Limited. Dr. Wong was the managing director of Y. T. Realty Group Limited from 10th January, 2000 to 29th February, 2016, which is listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

Dr. CHAN Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire , S.B.S., B.B.S., J.P., aged 67, is an independent non-executive director since 5th September, 2022, the members of Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, Investment Advisory Committee and Disclosure Committee of the Company. Dr. Chan holds a Doctoral Degree in Business, a Master Degree and a Professional Diploma in Housing Management. He is a Registered Professional Housing Manager, a fellow of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors, a Fellow of The Hong Kong Institute of Housing, the Chartered Institute of Housing, the Hong Kong Institute of Real Estate Administrators, as well as an Honorary Fellow of The Hong Kong Institute of Facility Management. Dr. Chan has been appointed to serve in a number of public and voluntary services, currently, he is an Ex-officio Member (Architectural, Surveying, Planning and Landscape Subsector) of the Election Committee, a member of the Hong Kong Housing Authority (Chairman of the Building Committee), a member of the Elderly Commission, a member of the Occupational Safety &amp; Health Council, an Honorary Member of the Auxiliary Medical Service, the Vice-Chairman of the Hong Kong Council on Smoking and Health as well as an Adjunct Professor of The University of Hong Kong. In recognition of his contributions towards the housing profession, medical and related community services for the society at large, he was awarded the Governor's Commendation For Community Service in 1993, appointed a Justice of the Peace (J.P.) in 2008, awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star (B.B.S.) Medal in 2012 and the Silver Bauhinia Star (S.B.S.) Medal in 2021 by the HKSAR Government. Dr. Chan is an honorary fellow of the Guangxi Academy of Social Sciences.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. AU Moon Ying, Henry , aged 56, has joined the Group as Chief Financial Officer since March 2007. Mr. Au has over 30 years of financial management, accounting, auditing, business planning and development experiences, working in various blue-chip listed companies and an international Big 4 accounting firm. He obtains a Master of Law Degree with merit in King's College London, UK; a Master Degree of Business Administration and a Bachelor Degree of Arts (Hons.) majoring in Accountancy. Mr. Au is a Fellow Chartered Accountant of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, a Practising Certified Public Accountant of The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants as well as a Fellow member of The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants.

## Corporate Governance Report

The board of directors of the Company (the 'Board') is pleased to present this corporate governance report in the Company's annual report for the year ended 30th September, 2022.

The Board is committed itself to enhance the standard of corporate governance practices and business ethics with the firm belief that they are essential for maintaining and promoting investors' confidence and maximising shareholders' returns. The Board reviews its corporate governance practices from time to time in order to meet the rising expectations of stakeholders and comply with increasingly stringent regulatory requirements, and to fulfill its commitment to excellent corporate governance.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

In the opinion of the directors, the Company has complied with the code provisions set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code (the 'CG Code') contained in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange' and the 'Listing Rules', respectively) throughout the year ended 30th September, 2022.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## RESPONSIBILITIES

The Board is responsible for the leadership and control of the Company and oversees the Group's businesses, strategic decisions and performances. Presently, the company secretary is responsible for ensuring that all directors are properly briefed, either by her or by members of the Company's senior management, on issues arising at the Board meetings. The Board delegates its authority and responsibilities to the senior management for the day-to-day management and operations of the Group. Approval has to be obtained from the Board prior to any significant transactions being entered into by the senior management.

All directors have full and timely access to all relevant information in relation to the Company as well as the advices and services of the company secretary, if and when required, with a view to ensuring that the Board procedures and all applicable rules and regulations are followed.

There are established mechanisms for directors of the Company to seek independent professional advices for them to discharge their duties and responsibilities, and to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. The Board adopted a policy on directors obtaining independent professional advice on 7th March, 2022 and the Board reviews the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanisms annually.

Each director of the Company is entitled to seek independent professional advice (including but not limited to legal, accounting and financial advice) at the Company's expense on any matter connected with the discharge of his or her responsibilities. The director of the Company must seek the prior approval of the chairman of Audit Committee (or if the chairman of Audit Committee is the relevant director, the approval of the Board). In seeking such prior approval, the director of the Company must provide details of the nature of and reasons for the independent professional advice to be sought, the likely cost of obtaining the independent professional advice; and details of the independent adviser. The approval of the chairman of Audit Committee (or the Board as appropriate) must not be unreasonably withheld. The chairman of Audit Committee (or the Board as appropriate) may set a reasonable limit on the amount that the Company will contribute towards the cost of obtaining such advice. All documentation containing or seeking independent professional advice must clearly state that the advice is sought both in relation to the Company and the director of the Company in their personal capacity. However, the right to advice does not extend to advice concerning matters of a personal or private nature, including, for example, matters relating to the director's contract of employment with the Company (in the case of an executive director) or any dispute between the director of the Company and the Company. Unless the chairman of Audit Committee or the Board (as applicable) otherwise determines, any advice received by an individual director will be circulated to the Board.

## BOARD COMPOSITION

As at 30th September, 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, the Board comprises four executive directors and four independent non-executive directors from different business and professional fields. The profile of each director is set out in the 'Directors and Senior Management' section in this annual report. The directors, including the independent non-executive directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective delivery of the Board functions.

The Company has received an annual written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive directors of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the independent non-executive directors to be independent.

The terms of office of all independent non-executive directors shall expire and subject to rotational retirement and re-election at annual general meetings of the Company (the 'AGM') at least about once every three years pursuant to the articles of association of the Company (the 'Articles of Association'). Under the Articles of Association, at each AGM one-third of the directors for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three (3), the number nearest to but not greater than one-third) shall be subject to retirement by rotation. Retiring directors are eligible for re-election at the AGM at which they retire. Also, under the code provisions of the CG Code, every director, should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

At the forthcoming AGM, Ms. Lai Ying Ping and Dr. Wong Chi Keung will retire as directors and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

In accordance with the article 86(3) of the Articles of Association, the directors shall have the power from time to time and at any time to appoint any person as the director either to fill a casual vacancy on the Board or as an addition to the existing Board. Any director so appointed by the Board shall hold office only until the next following AGM and shall then be eligible for re-election.

In  addition, pursuant to code provision B.2.4(b) of the CG Code, all the independent non-executive directors have served more than nine years on the board, a new independent non-executive director should be appointed at the forthcoming AGM (with effect from the financial year commencing on or after 1st January, 2023). Accordingly, Dr. Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire who was appointed as an independent non-executive director by the Board with effect from 5th September, 2022 shall hold office until the forthcoming AGM and shall be eligible for re-election thereat.

The family relationships among the Board members, if any, are disclosed under 'Directors and Senior Management' section in this annual report. Save as disclosed, there is no other financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships among the members of the Board.

The Company has arranged Directors' and Officers' Liability Insurance for the directors and officers of the Company.

## CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE

Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and CEO should be separate and should not be performed by the same person. Presently, the Board does not have any director with the title 'Chairman', but Mr. Yu Kam Shui, Erastus, an executive director, is carrying out the duty of the chairman. Mr. Tam Siu Kei as the CEO is responsible for managing the Group's business and overall operations.

## BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Board has adopted a board diversity policy (the 'Board Diversity Policy') effective in August 2013.

## VISION

The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance.

## POLICY STATEMENT

With a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and sustainable development. In designing the Board's composition, Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All the Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

## MEASURABLE OBJECTIVES

Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, which will include but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.

## MONITORING AND REPORTING

The Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and will from time to time review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of the Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.

## DIVERSITY IN BOARD AND WORKFORCE

## BOARD LEVEL

Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, in reviewing and assessing suitable candidates to serve as a director of the Company, the Nomination Committee will consider a range of diversity of perspectives with reference to the Company's business model and specific needs, including but not limited to skills, knowledge, professional experience and qualifications, industry and regional experience, cultural and educational background, age, gender and the potential contributions that the candidate is expected to bring to the Board. All the Board appointments will be based on merits and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard to the benefits of diversity to the Board. The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy from time to time to ensure its continued effectiveness.

The Board will consider setting measurable objectives to implement the Board Diversity Policy and review such objectives from time to time to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives.

For the year ended 30th September, 2022 and as at the date of this annual report, the Board consists of six male members and two female members. The Nomination Committee considered that the Board was sufficiently diverse in terms of gender and the Board had not set any measurable objectives. The Company has also reviewed the membership, structure and composition of the Board, and is of the opinion that the structure of the Board is reasonable, and the experiences and skills of the directors in various aspects and fields can enable our Company to maintain a high standard of operation.

The Company will engage more resources in training female staff who have long and relevant experience in beauty services industry, with the aim of promoting them to the senior management or directorship of the Group. The Company expects to have more female members who would be qualified to sit on the Board in the future.

## WORKFORCE LEVEL

The Group is engaged in the operations of beauty services including spas, beauty salons and medical beauty centres as well as the distribution of skincare products. Due to the uniqueness of the industry, most of the customers are women, with a minority of men. In order to serve the needs of female customers, the proportion of the Company's staff is mostly women. The details of workforce composition in Hong Kong were disclosed under Environmental, Social and Governance Report in this annual report. Setting a measureable objective for achieving gender diversity at workforce level is not suitable for beauty services industry.

In order to enhance efficiency, the Company maintains a simple staff structure with one male senior management at moment, however there are various departments which are led by different male and female staff.

The Company welcomes all gender to join. The recruitment strategy is to employ a right staff for a right position regardless of the gender. The Company commits to provide equal opportunities to its staff in respect of recruitment, training and development, job advancement, and remuneration and benefits.

## BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEE MEETINGS

## NUMBER OF MEETINGS AND DIRECTORS' ATTENDANCE

Regular Board meetings are held at regular intervals for reviewing and approving the financial and operating performance, and considering and approving the overall strategies and policies of the Company.

The Board met 5 times during the year ended 30th September, 2022.

## PRACTICES AND CONDUCT OF MEETINGS

The Board is responsible for the leadership and control of the Company, overseeing the Group's businesses, strategic decisions, risk management and internal control systems, and monitoring the performance of the senior management. The day-to-day management, administration and operations of the Company are delegated to the CEO and the senior management.

Notices of regular Board meetings are served to all directors at least 14 days before the meetings while reasonable notice is generally given for other Board meetings. For committee meetings, notices are served in accordance with the required notice period stated in the relevant terms of reference.

Agenda and Board papers together with all appropriate, complete and reliable information are normally sent to all directors before each Board meeting to keep the directors apprised of the latest developments and financial position of the Company and to enable them to make informed decisions. All directors are given the opportunity to include matters in the agenda for regular Board meetings. The Board and each director also have separate and independent access to the senior management whenever necessary.

Minutes of all Board meetings recording sufficient details of matters considered and decisions reached are kept by the secretary of the meetings and are open for inspection by the directors.

The composition of the Board and the attendance of individual members of the Board, Board committees meetings and annual general meeting during the year ended 30th September, 2022 are set out in the table below:

| Number of meeting(s) attended/held  Investment  Annual  Audit  Remuneration  Advisory  Nomination  Disclosure  General  Directors  Board  Committee  Committee  Committee  Committee  Committee  Meeting  Executive directors  YU Kam Shui, Erastus  5/5  -  -  1/1  -  -  1/1  TAM Siu Kei (CEO)  5/5  -  -  -  -  -  1/1  YU Lai Chu, Eileen  3/5  -  -  -  -  -  0/1  LAI Yin Ping  4/5  -  -  -  -  -  1/1  Independent non-executive directors  WONG Lung Tak, Patrick  5/5  3/3  2/2  1/1  2/2  -  1/1  WONG Chun Nam, Duffy  5/5  3/3  2/2  1/1  2/2  -  1/1  WONG Chi Keung  5/5  3/3  2/2  1/1  2/2  -  1/1  CHAN Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire  (appointed on 5th September, 2022)  1/1  -  -  1/1  1/1  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' CONTINUOUS TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMME

Pursuant to the CG Code, all directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

The Company has put in place an on-going training and professional development programme for directors.

During the year ended 30th September, 2022, all directors of the Company received regular briefings, seminars, conference and/or updates relevant to the Group's business, operations, risk management, corporate governance, directors' duty and responsibilities, and other relevant topics. Materials on new or salient changes to laws and regulations applicable to the Group were provided to the directors. All directors have provided the Company with their respective training records pursuant to the CG Code.

The participation by each director of the Company in the continuous professional development was recorded in the table below:

| Directors  Reading  Attending in-house  briefings/seminars/  conferences  Executive directors  YU Kam Shui, Erastus  ✓  -  TAM Siu Kei  ✓  -  YU Lai Chu, Eileen  ✓  -  LAI Yin Ping  ✓  -  Independent non-executive directors  WONG Lung Tak, Patrick  ✓  ✓  WONG Chun Nam, Duffy  ✓  ✓  WONG Chi Keung  ✓  ✓  CHAN Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire  (appointed on 5th September, 2022)  ✓  ✓   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BOARD COMMITTEES

To oversee particular aspects of the Company's affairs and to assist in the execution of its responsibilities, the Board has established five Board committees, namely Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Investment Advisory Committee, Nomination Committee and Disclosure Committee. Independent non-executive directors play an important role in these committees to ensure that independent and objective views are expressed and to promote critical review and control.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee comprises all independent non-executive directors, namely Prof. Wong Lung Tak, Patrick, Mr. Wong Chun Nam, Duffy, Dr. Wong Chi Keung and Dr. Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire, and is chaired by Prof. Wong Lung Tak, Patrick, a qualified accountant with extensive experience in financial reporting and controls. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee were revised in (i) September 2015 to reflect the additional responsibilities of the Audit Committee arising from the Stock Exchange's proposal on risk management and internal control under the CG Code applicable to accounting periods beginning on or after 1st January, 2016; and (ii) September 2018 to reflect the amendments of the CG Code with effect from 1st January, 2019. It is responsible for appointment of external auditor, review of the Group's financial information and overseeing the Group's financial reporting system, risk management and internal control procedures. It is also responsible for reviewing the interim and annual results of the Group prior to recommending them to the Board for approval. It meets regularly to review financial reporting and internal control matters and to this end, has unrestricted access to the Company's external auditor. Its terms of reference are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

To comply with the requirement under the CG Code in respect of the responsibilities for performing the corporate governance duties, the Board has delegated its responsibilities to the Audit Committee to develop and review the policies and practices of the Company on corporate governance and make recommendations to the Board; to review and monitor the Company's policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct applicable to the directors and employees; to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior management and to review the Company's compliance with the code provisions set out in the CG Code contained in the Listing Rules and disclosures in the corporate governance report.

During the year ended 30th September, 2022, 3 meetings were held by the Audit Committee. Among these meetings, it had reviewed the annual results of 2021 with external auditor and also the activities of the Group's risk management and internal control functions and the interim results of 2022.

It  also reviewed the Company's progress in implementing the corporate governance requirements as set out in the CG Code.

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Company established a Remuneration Committee on 26th June, 2006 with its written terms of reference revised on 22nd March, 2012. The members of the Remuneration Committee comprise all independent non-executive directors of the Company, namely Prof. Wong Lung Tak, Patrick, Mr. Wong Chun Nam, Duffy, Dr. Wong Chi Keung and Dr. Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire, and is chaired by Mr. Wong Chun Nam, Duffy.

The primary objectives of the Remuneration Committee include making recommendations on the remuneration policy and structure and remuneration packages of the executive directors and the senior management. The Remuneration Committee is also responsible for establishing transparent procedures for developing such remuneration policy and structure to ensure that no director or any of his/her associates will participate in deciding his/her own remuneration, which remuneration will be determined by reference to the performance of the individual and the Company as well as market practice and conditions. It also makes recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive directors.

The Remuneration Committee meets at least once a year for reviewing the remuneration policy and structure and recommending the annual remuneration packages of the executive directors and the senior executives and other related matters. Its terms of reference are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

During the year ended 30th September, 2022, 2 Remuneration Committee meetings were held to review and approve the management's remuneration proposals, as well as to recommend on the remuneration packages of individual executive directors, newly appointed independent non-executive director and senior management.

Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of the members of the senior management (refer to as disclosed in 'Directors and Senior Management' section of this annual report) by band for the year ended 30th September, 2022 is set out below:

| Remuneration band (HK$)  Number of individual  3,000,001 - 3,500,000  1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further particulars regarding directors and chief executive's emoluments and the five highest paid employees as required to be disclosed pursuant to Appendix 16 to the Listing Rules are set out in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements as set out on pages 97 to 98 of this annual report.

## INVESTMENT ADVISORY COMMITTEE

To establish better control on the Group's investment portfolio, an Investment Advisory Committee was established on 15th November, 2007. The members of the Investment Advisory Committee comprise all independent non-executive directors of the Company, namely Prof. Wong Lung Tak, Patrick, Mr. Wong Chun Nam, Duffy, Dr. Wong Chi Keung, and Dr. Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire and an executive director of the Company, Mr. Yu Kam Shui, Erastus and is chaired by Dr. Wong Chi Keung.

The objectives of this Committee are to set guidelines on the portfolio mix of the Group's investments for the daily execution of investment decisions and monitoring of the investment portfolio. The Committee members meet and review the investment directions and the portfolio mix as well as evaluate the performance of the investment portfolio. Its terms of reference are available on the website of the Company.

During the year ended 30th September, 2022, 1 Investment Advisory Committee meeting was held to review the investment plans on assets including investment properties, bank and cash or any other kind of investments of the Group as well as to evaluate and discuss the investment risk, if any, on existing investment portfolio of the Group.

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

To comply with the CG Code, a Nomination Committee was established on 22nd March, 2012 with its terms of reference revised on 7th August, 2013. The members of the Nomination Committee comprise all independent non-executive directors of the Company, namely Prof. Wong Lung Tak, Patrick, Mr. Wong Chun Nam, Duffy, Dr. Wong Chi Keung and Dr. Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire, and is chaired by Dr. Wong Chi Keung.

The Nomination Committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on nominations, appointment or re-appointment of directors and Board succession. The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the structure, size, diversity and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least annually, making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company's corporate strategy, identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and assessing the independence of independent non-executive directors. Its terms of reference are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

During the year ended 30th September, 2022, 2 Nomination Committee meetings were held among others (i) to review the structure, size and composition of the Board; (ii) to assess the independence of the independent non-executive directors; (iii) to review and make a recommendation to the Board on the re-appointment of the directors; (iv) to review the Board Diversity Policy and the measurable objectives as well as the nomination policy (the 'Nomination Policy'); and (v) to nominate a candidate to the Board based on the nomination procedures, process and criteria set out in the Nomination Policy for the appointment of new independent non-executive director.

## NOMINATION POLICY

## OBJECTIVES

The key objectives of the Nomination Policy shall inter-alia include the following:

- to guide the Board in relation to appointment/re-appointment/removal of directors of the Company;
- to devise criteria for performance evaluation of the independent non-executive directors of the Company and the Board as a whole; and
- to devise a policy on the size and composition of the Board taking into account the available and needed diversity and balance in terms of experience, knowledge, skills and judgment of the directors.

## APPOINTMENT/RE-APPOINTMENT/REMOVAL OF DIRECTOR

Nomination Committee shall identify and ascertain the integrity, qualification, expertise and experience of the candidate who is considered for being appointed/re-appointed as director and apply due diligence in compliance with all applicable provisions of the laws of the Cayman Islands and the Listing Rules including any amendments thereto from time to time. Also, the Nomination Committee shall consider recommendations for candidates to the Board from shareholders of the Company.

The Nomination Committee shall obtain all applicable declarations and undertaking as provided under the laws of the Cayman Islands and the Listing Rules. In case of independent non-executive directors, the Nomination Committee shall ensure that the independent non-executive directors meet the criteria of independence as laid down in the Listing Rules.

While recommending any potential new Board member(s)/re-appointment of existing member(s) to the Board, the Nomination Committee shall consider the following:

- the current size and composition of the Board, the needs of the Board and the respective committees of the Company;
- candidate's character, integrity, judgment, diversity of experience (including age, gender, international background, race and professional experience), independence, area of expertise, corporate experience, length of service, potential conflicts of interest, other commitments and the like. The Nomination Committee evaluates these factors, among others, and does not assign any particular weighting or priority to any of these factors;
- candidate's ability to provide insights and practical wisdom based on their experience, skill and expertise relevant to the Company's line of business;
- candidate's time commitment to the Company;
- details of candidate's relationship with the existing directors;
- details of substantial interest in the Company;
- candidate's understanding of the fiduciary responsibilities that is required of a member of the Board and the commitment of time and energy necessary to diligently carry out those responsibilities; and
- any other factors as the Nomination Committee may deem fit to consider in the best interests of the Company and shareholders of the Company.

Once the Nomination Committee determines that an additional or replacement director is required, the Nomination Committee may take such measures that it considers appropriate in connection with its evaluation of a candidate, including candidate interviews, inquiry of the person or persons making the recommendation or nomination, engagement of an outside search firm to gather additional information, or reliance on the knowledge of the members of the Nomination Committee, the Board or management.

The Nomination Committee may retain the services of professional search firms or other third parties to assist in identifying and evaluating potential candidates.

The Nomination Committee and the Board shall ensure that the composition of the Board is in conformity with the laws of the Cayman Islands, the Listing Rules and all other applicable laws and regulations.

## SUCCESSION PLAN

Succession planning is an essential component to the survival and growth of the Company. Succession planning is a tool for the Company to ensure its continued effective performance through leadership continuity. The Company recognises the importance of the process to succession planning to provide for continuity in the smooth functioning of the Company. It is critical to fill up the positions well in time to avoid any leadership gap.

The Nomination Committee shall review the leadership needs of the Company from time to time.

## EVALUATION OF DIRECTORS

The Nomination Committee will review the performance of retiring directors and make recommendation to the Board for the continuance, re-appointment or removal of directors. The review of performance shall be undertaken once in a financial year.

## BOARD DIVERSITY

The Company has devised a policy on Board diversity to ensure adequate diversity in its Board. The Company believes that diversity underpins the successful operation on an effective Board and embraces diversity as a means of enhancing the business. With a view to achieve sustainable and balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives. A diverse Board includes and makes good use of differences in the skills, regional and industry experience, background, race, gender and other qualities of Directors.

## DECISION BY THE BOARD

After the Nomination Committee makes its recommendations to the Board, the Board will have final authority on determining the selection of the candidates for nomination to the Board.

## AMENDMENTS TO THE NOMINATION POLICY

In  case of any amendment(s) and/or clarification(s) issued by the relevant authorities, not being consistent with the provisions laid down under the Nomination Policy, then such amendment(s) and/or clarification(s) shall prevail upon the provisions in the Nomination Policy and the Nomination Policy shall stand amended accordingly. The Nomination Committee has the power to amend the Nomination Policy.

## DISCLOSURE COMMITTEE

To enhance timely disclosure of inside information as defined under the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong (the 'SFO'), a Disclosure Committee with written terms of reference was established by the Board on 10th January, 2013.

Mr. Yu Kam Shui, Erastus, who is an executive director of the Company, has been appointed as the chairman of the Disclosure Committee. Prof. Wong Lung Tak, Patrick, Mr. Wong Chun Nam, Duffy, Dr. Wong Chi Keung and Dr. Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire, the independent non-executive directors of the Company, have also been appointed as members of the Disclosure Committee.

The Disclosure Committee is responsible for considering and making recommendations to the Board in relation to disclosure policy and guidelines regarding inside information (as defined under the SFO) (the 'Inside Information') of the Company; and making recommendations to the Board on the disclosure of Inside Information in compliance with the established disclosure policy and guidelines adopted by the Board, the applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to the Listing Rules and the SFO; and considering other topics, as defined by the Board. Its terms of reference are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

During the year ended 30th September, 2022, no formal meeting had been held. The Board did consult the Disclosure Committee about its opinions via electronic means, as and when required.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REMUNERATION

BDO Limited has been re-appointed as the independent auditor of the Company by the shareholders of the Company at last AGM.

The remuneration paid or payable to the Group's independent auditor, BDO Limited, and its affiliated firms, for services rendered for the year ended 30th September, 2022 is broken down below:

| 2022  HK$'000  Statutory audit  1,920  Non-audit services  704  Total  2,624   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The non-audit services mainly comprised tax compliance, interim review service and certain agree-upon-procedure work.

The responsibilities of the independent auditor with respect to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 30th September, 2022 are set out in the section 'Independent Auditor's Report' on pages 59 to 65 of this annual report.

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for the preparation of financial statements for each financial period with a view to ensuring such financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the results and cash flow for that period. The Company's financial statements are prepared in accordance with all relevant statutory requirements and suitable accounting standards. The directors are responsible for ensuring that appropriate accounting policies are selected and applied consistently; judgements and estimates made are prudent and reasonable; and the financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board has overall responsibilities for maintaining a sound and effective risk management and internal control systems of the Group. The systems include a defined management structure with limits of authority, and are designed to help the Group identify and manage the significant risks to achieve its business objectives, safeguard its assets against unauthorised use or disposition, ensure the maintenance of proper accounting records for the provision of reliable financial information for internal use or for publication, and ensure compliance with relevant laws and regulations. The systems are designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material misstatement or loss, and to manage rather than eliminate risks of failure in the Group's operational systems and in the achievement of the Group's business objectives.

The internal audit department monitors compliance with policies and procedures and the effectiveness of internal control structures across the Group and its principal divisions. The internal audit department reports directly to the Audit Committee and ensure the internal controls are in place and functioning properly as intended.

Also, the Board engaged Elite Partners Risk Advisory Services Limited, to assess the effectiveness of the Group's risk management and internal control systems twice a year which covered all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls as well as risk management functions during the year ended 30th September, 2022. The assessment report was reviewed by the Audit Committee and the Board. No major issue was raised for improvement. The Board is satisfied with the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems of the Group.

The Group has formulated the whistleblowing policy for employees to raise concerns, in confidence, about possible improprieties in operation, financial reporting or other matters. Such arrangement will be reviewed by the Audit Committee which ensures that proper arrangement is in place for fair and independent investigation of the matters.

The Group also issued prevention of bribery and corruption policy to ensure employees are aware of anti-corruption laws and regulations and regulatory obligations.

## DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION

The Group acknowledges its responsibilities under the SFO and the Listing Rules and the overriding principle that Inside Information should be announced immediately when it is the subject of a decision. The procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of Inside Information are as follows:

- the Group conducts its affairs with close regard to the disclosure requirement under the Listing Rules as well as the 'Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information' published by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong in June 2012;
- the Group has formulated inside information policies and disclosed its policies on fair disclosure by pursuing broad, non-exclusive distribution of information to the public through channels such as financial reporting, public announcements and its website;
- the Group has strictly prohibited unauthorised use of confidential or Inside Information; and
- the Group regularly reminds the directors and employees about due compliance with all polices regarding the Inside Information, as well as keeps them appraised of the latest regulatory updates.

## MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the 'Model Code') as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. Following a specific enquiry by the Company, each of the directors confirmed that he/she complied with the Model Code for transactions in the Company's securities throughout the year ended 30th September, 2022.

The Company has also adopted a code of conduct governing securities transactions by employees who may possess or have access to the Inside Information.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

All directors have access to the advice and services of the company secretary, Ms. Lee Pui Shan ('Ms. Lee'), a full time employee of the Company. Ms. Lee has confirmed that she had received no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training for the year ended 30th September, 2022, in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

## HOW SHAREHOLDERS CAN CONVENE AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING

Pursuant to Article 58 of the Articles of Association, any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the company secretary, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition by mail to 18th Floor, World Trade Centre, 280 Gloucester Road, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong.

Such a requisition must be signed by the shareholder(s).

## THE PROCEDURES BY WHICH ENQUIRIES MAY BE PUT TO THE BOARD AND SUFFICIENT CONTACT DETAILS TO ENABLE THESE ENQUIRIES TO BE PROPERLY DIRECTED

Shareholders and other stakeholders may send their enquires and concerns to the Board by addressing them to the company secretary by mail to 18th Floor, World Trade Centre, 280 Gloucester Road, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong. The company secretary will forward the enquires or concerns to the CEO or chairman of the Board committees or senior management as appropriate within their area of responsibilities for handling.

## THE PROCEDURES AND SUFFICIENT CONTACT DETAILS FOR PUTTING FORWARD PROPOSALS AT SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS

Shareholders are welcomed to suggest proposals relating to the operations, strategy and/or management of the Group to be discussed at shareholders' meeting. Proposal shall be sent to the Board or the company secretary by written requisition. Pursuant to the Articles of Association, shareholders who wish to put forward a proposal should convene an extraordinary general meeting by following the procedures set out in 'How Shareholders Can Convene An Extraordinary General Meeting' above.

## SHAREHOLDERS COMMUNICATION POLICY

The Board has adopted a shareholders communication policy (the 'SCP') on 22nd March, 2012. The SCP was reviewed by the Board during the year ended 30th September, 2022 to ensure its implementation and effectiveness. With the below measures in place, the SCP is considered to have been effectively implemented.

## PURPOSE

The SCP aims to set out the provisions with the objective of ensuring that Company's shareholders, both individual and institutional (collectively, 'Shareholders'), and, in appropriate circumstances, the investment community at large, are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the Company (including its  financial  performance, strategic goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk profile), in order to enable Shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow Shareholders and the investment community to engage actively with the Company.

For the purpose of the SCP, references to the investment community is intended to include the Company's potential investors as well as analysts reporting and analysing the Company's performance.

## GENERAL POLICY

The Board shall maintain an on-going dialogue with Shareholders and the investment community, and will regularly review the SCP to ensure its effectiveness.

Information of the Company shall be communicated to Shareholders and the investment community mainly through the  Company's financial reports (interim and annual reports), announcements, circulars and other corporate publications made available on the website of the Company at www.wateroasis.com.hk and the HKEXnews website at www.hkexnews.hk, and the direct communication platform in the AGM held every year and any other general meetings that may be convened as required.

Effective and timely dissemination of information to Shareholders and the investment community shall be ensured at all times.

Any questions regarding the SCP shall be directed to the company secretary of the Company.

## COMMUNICATION STRATEGIES

## Shareholders' Enquiries

Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company's Share Registrar. Shareholders and the investment community may at any time make a request for the Company's information to the extent such information is publicly available. Shareholders and the investment community may send their enquiries in respect of the Company by addressing them to the company secretary of the Company.

## Corporate Communication

Corporate communication (as defined in the Listing Rules), any documents issued or to be issued by the Company for the information or action of Shareholders, including, but not limited to, the directors' report and annual accounts together with a copy of the independent auditor's report, the interim report, a notice of meeting, a circular and a proxy form will be provided to Shareholders in plain language and in both English and Chinese versions to facilitate Shareholders' understanding. Shareholders have the right to choose the language (either English or Chinese) or means of receipt of the corporate communications (in hard copy or through electronic means).

Shareholders are encouraged to provide, amongst other things, in particular, their email addresses to the Company in order to facilitate timely and effective communications.

## Corporate Website

The Company's website www.wateroasis.com.hk provides comprehensive and updated information about the Company, including our news, financial results, financial statements, announcements, circulars, memorandum and articles of association, composition of the Board, Audit Committee, Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee and Investment Advisory Committee and the terms of reference of the Company's Audit Committee, Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee and Investment Advisory Committee. Information on the Company's website is updated from time to time.

Information submitted by the Company to the Stock Exchange for publication on the HKEXnews website will also be posted on the Company's website immediately thereafter in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules. Such information includes financial statements, results announcements, announcements, circulars, notices of general meetings, proxy forms, monthly return and next day disclosure return etc.

All  press release relating to the Company's results announcements (if any) will be made available on the Company's website. All the Company's news regarding the major events and activities of the Group will be made available on the Company's website.

## Shareholders' Meetings

Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings. Appropriate arrangements for the AGMs and other general meetings shall be in place to encourage Shareholders' participation. The process of the Company's general meeting will be monitored and reviewed on a regular basis, and, if necessary, changes will be made to ensure that Shareholders' needs are best served. The Board members, in particular, the chairmen of Board committees or their delegates, appropriate management executives and representative(s) of external auditors will attend AGMs to answer Shareholders' questions.

## Investment Market Communications

Investor/analysts briefings and one-on-one meetings, media interviews and marketing activities for investors etc. will be available where necessary in order to facilitate communication between the Company, Shareholders and the investment community. The Company's directors and employees who have contacts or dialogues with investors, analysts, media or other interested outside parties are required to comply with the relevant disclosure obligations and requirements under the Listing Rules.

## SHAREHOLDER PRIVACY

The Company recognises the importance of Shareholders' privacy and will not disclose Shareholders' information without their consent, unless required by law to do so.

## INVESTOR RELATION

There was no amendment made to the constitutional documents of the Company during the year ended 30th September, 2022. The Board proposed to amend the existing memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company (the 'Existing M&amp;A') and to adopt an amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company in coming AGM in order to (i) conform to the core standards set out in Appendix 3 of the Listing Rules; (ii) update the Existing M&amp;A according to the relevant requirements of the Listing Rules and the applicable laws of the Cayman Islands; and (iii) to make some housekeeping amendments.

## UPDATE ON DIRECTORS' INFORMATION

The changes in directors' information as required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules are set out below:

- Dr. Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire has been appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company, a member of each of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, Investment Advisory Committee and Disclosure Committee of the Company with effect from 5th September, 2022.
- Prof. Wong Lung Tak, Patrick has resigned as independent non-executive director of Sino Oil and Gas Holdings Limited with effect from 24th November, 2022.
- The monthly basic salary of Mr. Tam Siu Kei, an executive director and the CEO, has been revised to HK$385,000 with effect from 1st January, 2023.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT OBJECTIVES

The Board of the Group is aware and concern about the accelerating of the global climate change, and human-caused emissions of greenhouse gases are the overwhelming cause. Heatwaves, intense drought, extreme rain and coastal flooding are on the rise. The Board understands its corporate social responsibility and is committed to protecting the environment by constantly observing and controlling the use of energy and resources, as well as the emissions and waste generated by its business. To develop sustainably, the Board leaded and stewarded the Group by discussing periodically with the senior management regarding climate change and environmental issues that may increase risk to its operations, to the society and eventually affecting its stakeholders.

On the other hand, the global health and economic crisis resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic has intensified investors and corporate stakeholders' concern about their interest regarding environmental, social, and governance (the 'ESG') matters. The Board understands that the key for businesses after the worldwide crisis is to find a balance between resuming and rebuilding operations while keeping employees safe.

## ESG APPROACH AND COMMITMENT

ESG are the key and preferred factors to measure a company's non-financial performance, as well as for company valuation, risk management and regulatory compliance. ESG performance is also one of the key criteria for corporations to demonstrate corporate social responsibility. By assessing and evaluating ESG related risks and reporting performance, the Group is committed to perform in a way that respects and benefits its employees, customers, investors and the communities. The Group also sets the overall strategic goals, supervises management effectiveness, and ensures operational reliance and compliance with the relevant legal and regulatory requirements. Both qualitative information and quantitative data have been collected for this ESG report (the 'ESG Report') to demonstrate the Group's ESG performance and its commitment to sustainability.

## ABOUT THIS REPORT

With ESG being a high priority in the Group, the Board released annual ESG Report to share its social and environmental performance with its stakeholders in a complete, accurate, and balanced manner.

## Reporting Scope

The Group is committed to transparency and truthful, relevant and precise communication of its ESG information. The ESG Report provided an overview of the Group's sustainability initiatives and performance by summarising company policies, management approach and performance of the Group's core and material business in beauty services and beauty products retailing. The Group is headquartered in Hong Kong and has business operations in Hong Kong, Macau and Beijing, People's Republic of China (the 'PRC'). The ESG Report focused on the Group's key business operations in Hong Kong.

The ESG Report was prepared in accordance with the reporting principles of 'Materiality,' 'Quantitative,' 'Balance' and 'Consistency.' With the aim to optimise the reporting process and expand disclosures in the ESG Report, the Group has been gathering the relevant data, formulating, implementing and monitoring policies. The Group has made every effort to ensure consistency between the Chinese and English versions of the ESG Report. However, in the event of any inconsistency, the English version shall prevail. The ESG Report was reviewed and approved by the Board on 16th December, 2022.

## Reporting Period

The ESG Report illustrated and highlighted the environmental and social performance of the Group for the reporting period from 1st October, 2021 to 30th September, 2022 (the 'Reporting Period'), which aligned with the period covered in the Group's annual report.

## Reporting Framework

The ESG Report was prepared in compliance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the 'ESG Reporting Guide') contained in Appendix 27 to the to the Rules Governing the Listing Securities on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The ESG Report complied with the 'comply or explain' provisions of the ESG Reporting Guide. The list of ESG aspects, respective key performance indicators (the 'KPIs') and their references within the ESG Report, is included at the end of this ESG Report for reference.

## Stakeholder Engagement

As a responsible business enterprise, it is essential for the Group to understand its stakeholders' expectation and concerns with regards to its business development strategies, risk management measures and internal control systems. The Group's stakeholders including policymakers, regulators, employees, investors, customers and suppliers play vital roles in the pursuit of a sustainable beauty industry, therefore, the Group actively engage them to keep abreast of their concerns and evaluate the relevance of the ESG issues to structure business strategies that are valuable to its operations and sustainable development. The material ESG issues identified were reviewed and addressed in the ESG Report. The Group will continue to strengthen its stakeholder engagement process and data collection system to review its ESG goals with stakeholders.

<!-- image -->

## Materiality Analysis

Through the stakeholder engagement exercise, management reviews and industry analysis, the Group identified the most material ESG issues and prioritised its resources in managing these issues. This assessment helps to ensure that the Group's business objectives and development direction are coincided with the stakeholders' expectations and requirements. The Group concluded the top five material issues are identified as follows:

| Materiality Ranking  ESG Issues  1  Legal compliance  2  Anti-corruption  3  Product quality and safety  4  Customer safety  5  Innovation   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Stakeholders' Feedback

The Group welcomes stakeholders' comments and feedbacks regarding its performance and approach on ESG aspects as they are valuable to its continuous improvement and sustainable development. Please send your questions, suggestions, and recommendations to the Group:

Address: 18/F, World Trade Centre, 280 Gloucester Road, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong

Phone: (852) 3182 7700

Fax: (852) 2576 1862

Email: corporate@wateroasis.com.hk

## ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

The Group's core business is basically the provision of a wide range of beauty and wellness services and products to men and women. The Group strives to take responsibility in minimising direct and indirect environmental impacts throughout its  operations, while providing supreme quality, innovative and transformative beauty services with unique personalised experiences to its customers. The Group strictly complied with all material aspects of applicable environmental protection laws and regulations and pollution control in its operating locations. The Group has made extra effort in reducing waste and emissions from every aspect of its operations, and no adverse impacts caused to the environmental and natural resources initiated by its business activities.

## Emissions Policy and Compliance

In the process of beauty service provision, energy and resources were used and waste was generated. In response to the growing awareness towards environmental protection and waste reduction, policies to promote efficient use of energy and natural resources to reduce emissions and cost were implemented as follows:

1. Encourage conscious energy use and emissions reduction in the Group to minimise the potential impact on the environment;
2. Provide sufficient resources to oversee and review the Group's approach and targets of environmental protection in its daily operations;
3. Advocate the use of new technologies in beauty equipment that are energy efficient and safe;
4. Promote environmental awareness through briefings and inhouse communications on a regular basis to employees;
5. Consider comprehensive environmental factors in formulating relevant policies for supply chain management;
6. Encourage suppliers to fulfil their responsibilities towards corporate social responsibility and practise their commitment to environmental protection;
7. Share environmental protection policies and management strategies with business partners including suppliers and employees, etc.

During the Reporting Period, there was not any material non-compliance or breach of legislation related to pollution or degradation of air, land, water and the eco-system.

## Carbon Footprint - Greenhouse Gas Emissions

Carbon footprint is defined as the total amount of direct and indirect emissions of greenhouse gas ('GHG') expressed in terms of the equivalent amount of carbon dioxide ('CO 2 -e') emissions. During the Reporting Period, the total operation area comprising the Group's headquarters, beauty and medical beauty centres, spas and retail shops was 15,173.59 square metres ('m 2 ') (2021: 12,889.99 m 2 ) in Hong Kong and was accounted for 91.2% of the Group's GHG emissions.

The following table highlights the carbon footprint of the Group:

| Scope  Sources of GHG emissions  2022  2021  2020  GHG* emissions (in tCO  2  -e)  1  Mobile - Gasoline  55.23  58.51  56.47  2  Purchased electricity  782.33  764.49  958.27  3  Disposal of paper waste  78.22  32.24  32.98  Fresh water processing  0.34  0.36  0.10  Sewage water processing  0.17  0.17  0.05  Total GHG* emissions  916.29  855.77  1,047.73  GHG* removals (paper recycled)  7.72  8.44  7.58  Total GHG* emissions after removal  908.57  847.33  1,040.15  Carbon Emission intensity per m 2  0.060  0.066  0.111   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The GHG is calculated according to the 'Guidelines to Account for and Report on Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Removals for Buildings (Commercial, Residential or Institutional Purposes) in Hong Kong' jointly published by Environmental Protection Department and Electrical and Mechanical Services Department.

The total net GHG emissions generated by the Group was 908.57 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent ('tCO 2 -e') (mainly carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide) during the Reporting Period (2021: 847.33 tCO 2 -e). The carbon emission intensity was 0.060 tCO 2 -e/m 2  (2021: 0.066 tCO 2 -e/m 2 ), a year-over-year reduction of 9.3%.

The Group has made earnest efforts in controlling its emissions and consumption of resources. Its energy conservation practices included deploying energy saving lightings, switching off idle lightings, computers and electrical appliances and equipment, monitoring water consumption, using digital technology and recycled paper, encouraging the use of public transport, and using tele or video conferencing as an alternative to business travel. Furthermore, to strengthen employee awareness on energy efficiency, energy saving slogans have been posted near the power control switches to encourage energy saving practices.

## Air emission

Air emission was generated from the use of gasoline and diesel-powered motor vehicles for employees commuting and transportation. The combustion of gasoline and diesel fuel in vehicle engines produces emissions of air pollutants into the environment. The following table highlights the estimated air emission of the Group:

| Types of Pollutants  2022  2021  2020  GHG* emissions (in tCO  2  -e)  Nitrogen Oxides (NO  X  )  8.04  8.09  7.90  Sulphur Dioxide (SO  2  )  0.30  0.32  0.31  Particulate Matter  0.59  0.60  0.58   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Scented products include aromatherapy and spa supplies, essential oils and fragrance used in the beauty centres would cause the emission of volatile organic compound ('VOC'), the elevated concentration of the VOC that emitted to the indoor environment would affect the indoor air quality (the 'IAQ'). The Group shall consider developing guidelines which required more systematic planning and monitoring of the IAQ in all beauty centres and spas.

## Hazardous and Non-hazardous Waste Management

During the provision of beauty services, a lot of cosmetics and beauty supplies are needed and used, the related hazardous and non-hazardous waste being generated are segregated, collected, and properly disposed of. Clinical waste generated from medical beauty services is classified as hazardous waste under Section 35 of the Waste Disposal Ordinance (Chapter 354 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and must be properly treated and disposed of. Clinical waste includes used syringes, needles, cartridges, ampoules, sharp instruments, and swabs and surgical dressing. During the Reporting Period, 0.18 tonnes ('t') (2021: 0.21 t) of clinical waste was generated, they were properly segregated, labelled and disposed of in designated waste collection containers. The containers were then collected by licensed contractor for thermal incineration.

Paper, printed matters and marketing materials were one of the non-hazardous wastes generated by the Group. A total  of  16.29 t of paper related printed matters (2021: 6.72 t) was used by administration, marketing, and report publication purposes. The increase in paper consumption was attributed to a number of factors including newly opened beauty centres, increase in marketing materials for service promotions, and growth in the number of employees during the Reporting Period. Another non-hazardous waste generated was the domestic waste for the beauty services and the packaging of used beauty products. The Group has engaged external service providers to collect the disposed packaging, the total volume collected during the Reporting Period was 25.60 t (2021: 68.00 t), a year-over-year reduction of 62.4% was attributed to less beauty products used due to the closure of all beauty centres and spas for 104 days during the COVID-19 prevention mandate as ordered by the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region government.

## Conservation of Resources

Sustainable use of resources is vital for the future. The Group always encourages efficient use of resources by proactively raising the environmental awareness of employees. During the Reporting Period, the primary resources consumed by the Group were electricity, gasoline, water, and paper. Packaging materials were used for the beauty products.

## Fossil Fuel Consumption - Gasoline

The air emission of motor vehicles may affect the people and neighbouring communities through its environmental impact. The total gasoline consumption constituted to 6.0% (2021: 6.8%) of the Group's total carbon footprint. The vehicles used by the Group were regularly maintained to ensure optimal performance and enhance fuel efficiency.

## Energy Consumption - Electricity

The total electricity consumption constituted to 85.4% (2021: 89.3%) of the Group's total carbon footprint. The Group's energy saving practices also include the use of window blinds in the office for heat insulation during summer season.

## Water Consumption

The Group did not encounter any issue in sourcing water that was fit for purpose during the Reporting Period. The total water consumption constituted to 0.06% (2021: 0.06%) of the Group's total carbon footprint. The water consumption was not available in the headquarters and some beauty services centres and retail shops because it was included in the property management fee. Besides, the amount of water used in the office and retail shops was insignificant. The Group continues to use solenoid values in all the spas with the aim to prevent unintentional switching mistake that could cause water wastage to conserve this precious natural resource on earth.

## Paper and Printed Matters Consumption

The total paper and printed matters consumption constituted to 8.5% of the Group's total carbon footprint. Reducing the consumption of paper and printed matters has been one of the environmental objectives of the Group. Approximately 1.61 t of wastepaper (2021: 1.76 t) was recycled which helped to remove 7.72 tCO 2 -e (2021: 8.44 tCO 2 -e) during the Reporting Period.

## Total Packaging Materials Used for Finished Products

Various packaging materials were used for the packaging of related beauty products used for the beauty services. Packaging materials ranging from plastic bottles, plastic jars, cardboards, plastic pouches, foam material and carton boxes were used for product protection and transportation. It was recorded that 49.60 t (2021: 55.00 t) of packaging materials were consumed during the Reporting Period.

The following table summarised the consumption of different resources by the Group and their intensity.

| 2022  2021  Scope  Sources of GHG  emissions  Consumption  GHG*  emissions  (in tCO  2  -e)  Intensity  Consumption  GHG*  emissions  (in tCO  2  -e)  Intensity  1  Mobile - gasoline  20,397.89 L  55.23  0.054 tCO  2  -e/  employee  21,606.30 L  58.51  0.065 tCO  2  -e/  employee  2  Purchased electricity  1,472,310.70 kWh  782.33  97.03 kWh/m 2  1,463,107.00 kWh  764.49  113.51 kWh/m 2  3  Disposal of paper waste  16.29 t  78.22  0.077 tCO  2  -e/  employee  6.72 t  32.24  0.036 tCO  2  -e/  employee  Water processing  790.00 m 3  0.50  0.0005 tCO  2  -e/  employee  851.00 m 3  0.53  0.0005 tCO  2  -e/  employee   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## The Environment and Natural Resources

The Group is committed to controlling the consumption of resources as well as documenting its emissions. As the expectations on corporate responsibility increase, the Group promotes sustainability as one of its business approaches to creating long-term value to its stakeholders. The Group is committed to applying industry standard, complying with relevant environmental laws and regulations, using energy and resources efficiently, and reducing emissions and waste during operations. During the Reporting Period, the Group's operations were mainly conducted indoor, minimal environmental impact was caused.

## Sustainable Beauty - Response to Climate Change

The Group understands that climate change affects every industry, including the beauty industry; thus, it is crucial for the Group to react fast to prevent the risk associated with climate change. Although the use of energy and the emission of greenhouse gas are unavoidable as a business enterprise, the Group not only aims to reduce energy consumption, reduce water consumption, reduce greenhouse gas emissions and reduce waste, but also eager to explore innovative technologies in the market that help to develop its business in a more environmentally sustainable way. Moreover, plastic packaging of beauty products also played a significant role in waste generation, with the growing awareness towards waste reduction and simpler product packaging, the Group has been actively minimising packaging materials and recycling plastic containers to protect the environment. The Group shall continue to identify and evaluate the risks and opportunities in responding to climate change issues when devising management strategies for the future.

## EMPLOYMENT AND LABOUR PRACTICES

## Employment Policy and Compliance

Human resource is regarded as the Group's valuable assets as they play a vital role in connecting to customers during beauty services provision and retail operations. By employing and developing dedicated and talented people, the Group is able to provide personal and quality services to customers. The Group strictly complied with the Employment Ordinance (Chapter 57 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Minimum Wage Ordinance (Chapter 608 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and related employment regulations where the Group has operations. As at 30th September, 2022, the total workforce of the Group was 1,014 (2021: 896), the employee composition was summarised in the following table.

| Employee  Structure  Female  Male  Full Time  Part Time  18-25  26-35  36-45  46-55  56 and  above  2022  94.9%  5.1%  91.5%  8.5%  9.0%  29.2%  32.1%  17.3%  12.5%  2021  94.9%  5.1%  95.1%  4.9%  9.5%  32.5%  32.0%  15.6%  10.4%  2020  95.6%  4.4%  95.0%  5.0%  8.7%  34.2%  34.0%  13.8%  9.3%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

To promote a high-quality and diverse workforce, the Group provided equal opportunities to its employees in respect of recruitment, training and development, job advancement, and remuneration and benefits. The Group's staff handbook was designed to communicate important laws and work ethics surrounding employment, benefits and welfare, training and development, occupational health and safety, and code of conduct guidelines. It is an essential tool in helping to define the expectations of both the management and the employees, and to protect employees from unfair or inconsistent treatment and discrimination at work.

Through the years of experience in the industry, the Group understood that its success and competitiveness are highly dependent on its workforce, it needs dedicated and experienced employees to support its business expansion strategies.

The Group provided a competitive remuneration package to encourage a productive and sustainable workforce and to attract, retain, and incentivise employees. A wide range of additional benefits such as medical insurance, allowance for education and transportation, staff discount for beauty services and beauty products, and birthday presents were provided to recognise employees and to foster a healthy and productive workforce. The objective of the Group's human resource management is to reward and motivate performing employees by reviewing their remuneration and welfare through the performance appraisal system. Performance appraisal is conducted annually based on employees' performance, skills and achievement.

Recruiting and retaining employees continued to be challenging and seriously competitive in the industry during the Reporting Period. The turnover rate of the two younger age groups were a record high as compared to the last two reporting periods. The Group has been actively engaged in communicating to employees during the pandemic period to help them in overcoming the challenging times both mentally and professionally. By nurturing and nourishing physical and internal health and beauty culture among employees, the Group strived to build and maintain a positive, happy and sustainable workforce. To encourage employee engagement, social medias were used for better internal communication. The internal newsletter ' 奧思匯聚 '  has been used to cultivate sense of belongings, promote work-life balance, and strengthen the bond between employees.

The following chart and table highlighted the annual turnover rate of the Group:

<!-- image -->

| 18-25  26-35  36-45  46-55  56 and  above  2021  7.4%  14.6%  8.2%  6.7%  7.9%  2020  6.2%  14.1%  10.2%  5.1%  4.1%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Occupational Health and Safety Policy and Compliance

The Group cares about the well-being of its employees and is committed to providing a safe, healthy and comfortable working environment for them. In compliance with the related occupational health and safety regulations, instructions and trainings regarding health and safety issues were developed and provided to the employees periodically. The operating procedures of the beauty equipment were provided through trainings to promote and enhance safety awareness and practices. By communicating workplace safety guidelines through trainings, safety briefings and notices, employees were able to identify, evaluate and control health and safety hazard.

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been affecting the Group and its employees by means of more stringent infection prevention measures to protect its employees and customers. The Group complied strictly with the safety regulations as required by the government to prevent the spreading of the virus. The Group cares about the health of its employees by providing health information, closely monitoring their wellbeing, and supplying sufficient surgical masks and alcohol-based hand rub in its headquarters, beauty centres and retail shops. The Group also arranged its employees to conduct business meetings online to prevent infection. Employees were advised to wear masks, use disinfectant spray or wipes, maintain social distancing and avoid unnecessary physical contact (such as shaking hands, hugging) during work or outside their working environment.

The Group has also established a response mechanism in reacting to scenarios where employees are infected by COVID-19 to minimise the impact to other employees, the neighbour of the Group and the members of the public.

During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance to health and safety related laws and regulations.

| Occupational Health and Safety Data  2022  2021  2020  Number of work injury cases  3  3  1  Number of work-related fatalities  0  0  0  Lost days due to work injury  122  13.5  123  Work injury rate  2.96  3.35  1.38   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Human Capital Development and Training Policy

Excelling in the beauty industry is always challenging as customers are often demanding and critical. Companies that sell  beauty services and products must regularly advocate innovative ideas to stand out among the competition and attract new customers. Customers expect beauty consultant and beautician to be professional and have complete knowledge of the services they provide and the products they sell. Therefore, it is important for the Group to develop and empower employees so they can improve customer satisfaction. To strengthen employees' skillset and professionalism, comprehensive training programs were developed and provided to ensure they received the relevant trainings to excel on their jobs and progress on their career. A wide range of skills trainings ranging from people management, time management, communications, brand and product knowledge, equipment operating procedures, sales technique were provided for employees' personal growth both professionally and intellectually.

| Training Hours  2022  2021  2020  Total (hours)  4,818.3  3,635.0  3,530.0  Average (per employee) (hours)  4.8  4.1  4.9  By Employee Category (Average training hours and percentage of employees who received training)  Director  By hour  28.9  24.6  19.1  By percentage  100%  100%  100%  Senior management  By hour  40.0  40.0  40.0  By percentage  100%  100%  100%  Supervisory and general  By hour  5.1  4.4  5.3  By percentage  89.1%  87.6%  88.6%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Labour Practices and Compliance

The Group complied with the applicable laws and regulations relating to employment, child and forced labour practices in the places where it has operations. Recruitment of employees was strictly abided by the hiring process and guidelines administered by the human resources department so that suitable talents were recruited in accordance with relevant labour laws, job requirement, and both the Group and the candidates' expectation for a fair, harmonious and sustainable workforce. During the Reporting Period, there was no incidence of work stoppages, labour disputes, litigation, claims, administrative action or arbitration against the Group.

## OPERATING PRACTICES

## Supply Chain Management

To ensure the quality of the supplies that are used during beauty services are of high quality and safe for its customers, the Group engaged several suppliers across its supply chain for the procurement of beauty products, beauty equipment and utensils. The Group's procurement management system was designed and structured to oversee and manage processes from raw materials and ingredients selection, product formulation, packaging, quality management system in factory, transportation, and the sourcing of latest beauty equipment to suit different customer needs. Furthermore, to ensure the required supplies, materials and equipment are procured in an honest, competitive, fair, and transparent manner that delivers the highest quality and cost performance, manufacturers and material suppliers were chosen carefully based on documented procedures, due diligence check, and selection criteria.

## Manufacturers and Suppliers' Engagement

Extreme weather events caused by climate change may increase and may cause disruption to logistics and transportation of servicing supplies and materials, and operations and customer satisfaction may be affected. Therefore, the Group attaches immense importance to the risks in supply chains by cooperating with strategic suppliers who offer reliable, high quality, safe and technologically advanced and environmentally friendly products to meet the needs of its customers. Sourcing for suppliers must undergo supplier evaluation process based on prescribed selection criteria including the supplier's reputation, financial standing, production facilities, quality management system, product range, regulatory requirement compliance, operating capacity, product sample for testing, delivery assurance, training policy and procedure, price, and product recall policy. The Group has established long-term relationship with its suppliers to ensure product and service quality. During the Reporting Period, suppliers from France, Germany, Italy, Monaco, Spain, Switzerland, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, United Kingdom, United States of America, Taiwan, PRC and Hong Kong were appointed, a total of 148 suppliers (2021: 55) were listed on the approved suppliers list which the Group would review and revise periodically and provide updates to its employees.

## Product Responsibility and Quality Assurance Process

Customers are becoming more concerned of the safety and quality of beauty products and services; the Group's service and product quality are guaranteed by its extensive experience in the industry. A product recall policy has been established to ensure product safety and customer protection. Designated websites and hotlines of different services and products were provided to take enquires and feedback from customers for service improvement and training needs.

The Group is committed to providing innovative and high-quality beauty and wellness services and products to its customers. During the Reporting Period, as some beauty treatments required the use of beauty equipment, the equipment was maintained regularly by respective manufacturers to ensure safety and quality performance. Furthermore, refresher trainings and tests were conducted to ensure employees' quality performance. New and advanced beauty equipment was procured to meet customer needs and improve customer satisfaction. Considerable efforts were made on redefining service flow and upgrading customer experience to ensure personalised and attentive services were provided.

Through the collaboration with selected manufacturers and suppliers, the Group was able to ensure and maintain the quality of its products and services. The Group performed annual assessment to evaluate the overall performance of its  manufacturers and suppliers with documented reports for continuous improvement and cooperation. During the Reporting Period, there was no significant complaints received regarding the Group's product quality and service delivery.

## Data Protection and Privacy Policy

The Group is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers, employees, business partners and suppliers by maintaining a safe and secure data environment. The Group complied with the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Chapter 486 of the Laws of Hong Kong) by ensuring the highest standard of information security and protection. Employees are prohibited from disclosing the Group's business information to unauthorised parties. During the Reporting Period, as stipulated in the Group's code of conduct on data confidentiality, all personal and business data collected during the Group's business activities were organised and secured properly. Computers and servers were protected from access passwords, employees were instructed of their responsibility to follow the confidentiality code on the access to information and to ensure the safekeeping of all personal, customer and business data, trade secrets and proprietary information.

## Protecting Intellectual Property Rights

The Group owned and registered several trademarks and domain names as they are important to its brand, products and corporate image. The Group complied with the intellectual property (the 'IP') rights regulations to protect the interest of the Group and its customers. The Group also requires its suppliers to comply with the IP rights for confidentiality and integrity. During the Reporting Period, there was no material infringement of the IP rights, and the Group was confident that all reasonable measures have been taken to prevent any infringement of its own IP rights and the IP rights of third parties.

## Anti-corruption Policy

The Group is committed to supporting its corporate value by upholding its philosophy to manage all business with the highest standards of business ethics, integrity, and fairness. As stipulated in the Group's code of conduct, all directors and employees must adhere to the ethical consideration when engaging in the Group's business activities and they shall not request from, obtain from, or provide benefits to customers, contractors, suppliers, or people with business relationship with the Group. All non-compliance with the code or fraudulent practices are strictly forbidden.

## Conflict of Interest Policy

The Group requires its directors and employees to avoid the conflict between personal and financial interest and the professional official duties in the Group. A situation in which directors or employees exercise authority, influence decisions and actions or gain access to valuable information when dealing with third parties with his profession to achieve financial and personal gain is strictly prohibited.

## Preventive Measures and Whistle-blowing Procedures

The Group promotes the importance of ethical behaviour and encourages whistleblowing and the reporting of suspected corruption, misconduct, unlawful or unethical activities in strict confidence. The Group's code of conduct requires its directors and employees to promptly declare business and work-related situations such as conflict of interest, crimes or other unexpected events that can be damaging to the Group. Incidents and allegations or suspicions of fraud will be assessed and investigated. During the Reporting Period, the Group provided instructions and guidelines to remind employees the applicable rules and regulations with regards to the detection and prevention of potential corruption, conflict of interest, fraud and malpractice behaviour. Employees were aware of the Group's ethical standard and the Group was not aware of any non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations that would have any significant impact on the Group, nor any corruption litigation against the Group or its employees.

## COMMUNITY INVESTMENT

## Community Care and Charitable Activities

The Group's community investment policy is designed to support charitable and non-profit organisations through donations and community care. To develop human capital, the Group participated in the Employee Retraining Board Manpower Developer Scheme to promote and cultivate the corporate culture of employee development and progression. During the Reporting Period, the Group encouraged employees to participate in charitable activities with their own abilities in their spare time. In addition, the Group will continue to explore opportunities in contributing to charitable donations or community events to play a role in making a difference and strengthening the community.

## KEY PERFORMANCE INDEXES REFERENCE TABLE

| Reference KPIs of the ESG Guide  Corresponding KPIs in the section of the ESG Report  A.  Environmental  A1: Emissions  Emissions Policy and Compliance  Carbon Footprint - Greenhouse Gas Emissions  Air Emission  Hazardous and Non-hazardous Waste Management  A2: Use of Resources  Conservation of Resources  A3. The Environment and Natural Resources  Emissions Policy and Compliance  Conservation of Resources  The Environment and Natural Resources  Sustainable Beauty - Response to Climate Change  B.  Social  Employment and Labour Practices  B1: Employment  Employment Policy and Compliance  B2: Health and Safety  Occupational Health and Safety Policy and Compliance  B3: Development and Training  Human Capital Development and Training Policy  B4: Labour Standards  Labour Practices and Compliance  Operating Practices  B5: Supply Chain Management  Supply Chain Management  Manufacturers and Suppliers' Engagement  B6: Product Responsibility  Product Responsibility and Quality Assurance Process  Data Protection and Privacy Policy  Protecting Intellectual Property Rights  B7: Anti-corruption  Anti-corruption Policy  Conflict of Interest Policy  Preventive Measures and Whistle-blowing Procedures  Community  B8: Community Investment  Community Care and Charitable Activities   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Report

The directors of the Company present the Directors' Report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the 'Group') for the year ended 30th September, 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company. Its principal subsidiaries are engaged in the operations of beauty services including spas, beauty salons and medical beauty centres as well as the distribution of skincare products in Hong Kong, Macau and PRC. These include the brands of Glycel Skinspa, Oasis Spa, Oasis Beauty, Oasis Homme, Oasis Medical, Oasis Hair Spa, spa ph+, AesMedic Clinic and 32 o C under the beauty services operations as well as the brands of Glycel, Eurobeauté, Erno Laszlo, DermaSynergy and HABA under the retail operations.

Details of the Company's principal subsidiaries as at 30th September, 2022 are set out in note 40 to the consolidated financial statements.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The business review of these activities and a discussion on the Group's future business development and analysis of the Group's performance during the year ended 30th September, 2022 using key performance indicators as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) can be found in the CEO's Statement, Management Discussion and Analysis, Environmental, Social and Governance Report, and Five-Year Financial Summary set out on pages 04 to 05, 06 to 13, 33 to 47 and 127 of this annual report respectively. Description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company can be found throughout this annual report.

The Group is highly aware of the importance of environment protection and has not noted any material incompliance with all relevant laws and regulations in relation to its business, including health and safety, workplace conditions, employment and the environment. The Group has implemented environmental protection measures and has also encouraged staff to be environmental friendly at work by consuming the electricity and paper according to actual needs, so as to reduce energy consumption and minimise unnecessary waste. In addition, discussion on the Group's detailed environmental policies and performance and the stakeholder relationships are contained in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report on pages 33 to 47 of this annual report.

As far as the Board and senior management are aware, the Group has complied in material respects with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operations of the Group. During the year ended 30th September, 2022, there was no material breach of or non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations by the Group.

The Board has not identified any important events affecting the Group that have occurred.

## RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The results of the Group for the year ended 30th September, 2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on pages 66 to 67.

The directors have recommended a final dividend of 7.5 HK cents per share for the year ended 30th September, 2022 payable to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on Friday, 17th February, 2023. Subject to the passing of the relevant resolution at the forthcoming AGM, the final dividend will be payable on Monday, 6th March, 2023.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the Company's authorised and issued share capital as at 30th September, 2022 are set out in note 31 to the consolidated financial statements.

## RESERVES

Movements in the reserves of the Group are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity to the consolidated financial statements on page 70.

## INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

The values of the investment properties as at 30th September, 2022 were measured using the fair value model, details of which are set out in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.

## PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property and equipment of the Group are set out in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.

## FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on page 127.

## DIRECTORS AND DIRECTORS' SERVICES AGREEMENTS

The directors of the Company who held office during the year and up to the date of this annual report were:

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:

YU Kam Shui, Erastus TAM Siu Kei YU Lai Chu, Eileen LAI Yin Ping

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:

WONG Lung Tak, Patrick, B.B.S., J.P. WONG Chun Nam, Duffy, B.B.S., J.P.

WONG Chi Keung

CHAN Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire, S.B.S., B.B.S., J.P. (appointed on 5th September, 2022)

In accordance with Articles 87(1) and (2) of the Articles of Association, Ms. Lai Yin Ping and Dr. Wong Chi Keung will retire by rotation at the forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

In accordance with Article 86(3) of the Articles of Association, Dr. Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire will hold office until the forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, offer himself for re-election.

The Company considers that Prof. Wong Lung Tak, Patrick, Mr. Wong Chun Nam, Duffy, Dr. Wong Chi Keung and Dr. Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire are independent pursuant to the criteria set out in the Listing Rules and that written annual confirmations of independence have been received from each of them.

All directors of the Company are subject to retirement by rotation as required by the Articles of Association and the code provisions of CG Code.

Each of the executive directors except Mr. Tam Siu Kei has entered into a service agreement with the Company. Each agreement is for a period of three years commencing on 1st October, 2001 and shall continue thereafter until terminated by either party giving to the other party not less than three calendar months' prior notice in writing. The appointment of Mr. Tam Siu Kei as an executive director does not have a fixed term.

None of the directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract which is not determinable by the Company or any of the subsidiaries within one year without payment of compensation, other than normal statutory compensation.

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 30th September, 2022, the interests or short positions of the directors and the chief executive of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or, as the case may be, the percentage in the equity interest and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of the SFO), which were required (i) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they have taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or (ii) pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register maintained by the Company referred to therein, or (iii) pursuant to the Model Code contained in the Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange were as follows:

## LONG POSITION IN THE SHARES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

| Number and class of shares  Approximate  Name of  and underlying shares  percentage of  Name of directors and  companies in which  Capacity in which  Personal  Family  Corporate  issued share  chief executive  interests are held  interests are held  interests  interests  interests  Total  capital  Yu Kam Shui, Erastus  The Company  Beneficial owner  10,166,000  -  -  10,166,000  1.49%  ordinary  ordinary  Yu Lai Chu, Eileen  The Company  Beneficial owner  15,850,000  -  155,333,760  171,183,760  25.15%  and interest of  ordinary  (1)  ordinary  (1)  ordinary  controlled corporations  Water Oasis  Beneficial owner  165,000  -  -  165,000  -  Company Limited  non-voting  non-voting  deferred  deferred  Lai Yin Ping  The Company  Interest of spouse  -  10,166,000  -  10,166,000  1.49%  ordinary  (2)  ordinary  Tam Siu Kei  The Company  Beneficial owner  7,008,000  2,294,000  -  9,302,000  1.37%  and interest of spouse  ordinary  ordinary  (3)  ordinary  Wong Chun Nam, Duffy  The Company  Beneficial owner  600,000  260,000  -  860,000  0.13%  and interest of spouse  ordinary  ordinary  (4)  ordinary  Wong Lung Tak, Patrick  The Company  Beneficial owner  494,000  -  -  494,000  0.07%  ordinary  ordinary   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES (Continued)

LONG POSITION IN THE SHARES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS (Continued) Notes:

- (1) 15,850,000 shares are registered in the name of Ms. Yu Lai Chu, Eileen and 155,333,760 shares are registered in the name of Zinna Group Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong. All voting rights over Zinna Group Limited are held by Royalion Worldwide Limited, a British Virgin Islands company which is 80% owned by Ms. Yu Lai Chu, Eileen and 20% owned by her son, Mr. Tam Yue Hung.
- (2) These shares are registered in the name of Mr. Yu Kam Shui, Erastus, the husband of Ms. Lai Yin Ping.
- (3) These shares are registered in the name of Ms. Leung Pui Yi, the wife of Mr. Tam Siu Kei.
- (4) These shares are jointly registered in the name of Mr. Wong Chun Nam, Duffy and his wife Ms. Chiu Ching Wa, Tina.

As at 30th September, 2022, save as disclosed above, none of the directors, chief executive or any of their close associates had any interests and short positions, whether beneficial or non-beneficial, in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

## SHARE OPTIONS

On 24th February, 2012, the Company adopted a new share option scheme (the 'Share Option Scheme'), which replaced the old share option scheme that expired on 22nd January, 2012. Particulars of the Company's share option scheme are set out in note 43 to the consolidated financial statements. The Share Option Scheme expired on 23rd February, 2022.

At no time during the year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the directors or the chief executive of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debt securities (including debentures) of, the Company or any other body corporate and none of the directors, the chief executive, their spouses or children under the age of 18 had any right to subscribe for securities of the Company, or had exercised any such right during the year ended 30th September, 2022.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 30th September, 2022, the following corporations and persons, other than a director or the chief executive of the Company as disclosed in the section 'Directors' and Chief Executive's Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures', had an interest and short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, or, which/who were, directly or indirectly, with 5% interest or more of the issued share capital of the Company:

## LONG POSITION IN THE SHARES OF THE COMPANY

| Number of  Approximate  percentage of  Name of substantial shareholders  Capacity/Nature of interest  ordinary shares  issued share capital  Yu Lai Si (1)  Beneficial owner/  Personal interest  166,113,760  24.41%  Zinna Group Limited (2)  Registered owner/  Personal interest  155,333,760  22.82%  Advance Favour Holdings Limited (3)  Registered owner/  Personal interest  37,994,880  5.58%  Billion Well Holdings Limited (4)  Registered owner/  Personal interest  77,666,880  11.41%  Lai Yin Ling (3) &amp; (4)  Interest of controlled  corporations/  Corporate interest  115,661,760  16.99%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (1) Ms. Yu Lai Si is the sister of Mr. Yu Kam Shui, Erastus and Ms. Yu Lai Chu, Eileen, both being the executive directors of the Company and the aunt of Mr. Tam Siu Kei, an executive director of the Company and the CEO.
- (2) Zinna Group Limited is a company incorporated in Hong Kong. All of its voting rights are held by Royalion Worldwide Limited, a British Virgin Islands company which is 80% owned by Ms. Yu Lai Chu, Eileen and 20% owned by her son, Mr. Tam Yue Hung.
- (3) Advance Favour Holdings Limited is a British Virgin Islands company beneficially owned by Ms. Lai Yin Ling, the sister of Ms. Lai Yin Ping, an executive director of the Company.
- (4) Billion Well Holdings Limited is a British Virgin Islands company beneficially owned by Ms. Lai Yin Ling, the sister of Ms. Lai Yin Ping, an executive director of the Company.

Save as disclosed above and so far as the directors and the chief executive of the Company were aware of, as at 30th September, 2022, no other corporation which or person who (other than a director or the chief executive of the Company) had any interests and short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which would, pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, were required to be entered in the register referred to therein.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS

There were no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a director of the Company or an entity connected with a director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, which subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year ended 30th September, 2022.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

There were no competing business of which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year ended 30th September, 2022 which is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.

## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION

Details of the related party transaction entered into by the Group during the year ended 30th September, 2022 are set out in note 41 to the consolidated financial statements.

## ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

The Group did not have any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the year ended 30th September, 2022.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACT

No contracts, other than a contract of service with any director of the Company or any person under the full employment of the Company, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended 30th September, 2022.

## DONATIONS

For the year ended 30th September, 2022, the Group had made charitable and other donations amounting to HK$50,000 (2021: HK$nil).

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

For the year ended 30th September, 2022, the aggregate purchases attributable to the Group's five largest suppliers and largest supplier represented approximately 66.9% and 50.0% of the Group's total purchase respectively, whereas the aggregate turnover attributable to the Group's five largest customers was less than 7.1% of the Group's total revenue.

At all times during the year ended 30th September, 2022, none of the directors, their close associates or any shareholder of the Company (which to the knowledge of the directors owns more than 5% of the Company's issued shares) had an interest in any of the Group's five largest customers or suppliers.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

As at 30th September, 2022, the distributable reserves of the Company amounted to approximately HK$108.3 million under the Companies Law, Cap 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands (2021: HK$136.6 million).

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The Board considers sustainable returns to shareholders to be one of the main objectives. Stable dividend payment to shareholders is the primary objective of the Company. The basic policy is to pay interim and final dividends in each financial year.

Under the applicable laws of the Cayman Islands and the Articles of Association, all of the shareholders have equal rights to dividends and distributions. The Board determines the interim dividend and recommends the final dividend which requires the approval of shareholders. In addition to cash, dividends may be distributed in the form of shares. Any distribution of shares also requires the approval of shareholders.

Retained surplus is used to achieve further gains in corporate value. For this purpose, the Board makes effective use of retained surplus to strengthen the operating base and fund growth of established businesses and the development of new businesses. The Board takes into account the following factors when considering the declaration and payment of dividends:

- liquidity position of the Company;
- financial results;
- shareholders' interests;
- general business conditions and strategies;
- capital requirements;
- contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends by the Company to the shareholders or by the subsidiaries to the Company, if any;
- taxation considerations;
- possible effects on the creditworthiness;
- statutory and regulatory restrictions; and
- any other factors the Board may deem relevant.

The Company will not declare any dividend(s) where:

- there are reasonable grounds for believing that the Company is or would be, after a dividend payment, unable to pay its liabilities or discharge its obligations as and when they become due;
- pursuant to dividend decision date, the Company is insolvent or bankrupt or where, as a result of paying dividends, the Company would be rendered insolvent or bankrupt; or
- there is any other case set forth by any law.

## LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

The Group's liquidity and financial resources position continues to remain strong. Its cash and bank deposits as at 30th September, 2022 amounted to approximately HK$234.3 million (2021: HK$369.7 million). The Group generally finances its operation with internally generated resources.

As at 30th September, 2022, the gearing ratio, expressed as a percentage of the secured mortgage loan over total equity of approximately HK$302.0 million (2021: HK$358.8 million), was approximately 1.1% (2021: 1.8%). Details of the secured mortgage loan are set out in note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Group continues to follow the practice of prudent cash management. The Group has acceptable level of exposure on foreign currency fluctuations as most of its assets, receipts and payments are principally denominated in the functional currency of the relevant territories. The Group will continue to monitor its foreign exchange position and if necessary will hedge its foreign exchange exposure by entering forward foreign exchange contracts.

## PLEDGE OF ASSET

As at 30th September, 2022, the carrying amount of Group's asset amounted to HK$226.1 million (2021: HK$227.9 million) was pledged to secure a mortgage loan granted to the Group.

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Group had no significant contingent liability as at 30th September, 2022.

## CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

The Group had capital commitments of HK$2.9 million as at 30th September, 2022 (2021: HK$3.7 million).

## EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at 30th September, 2022, the Group employed 1,112 staff (2021: 968 staff). The Group offers its staff competitive remuneration schemes. In addition, discretionary bonuses and share options may also be granted to eligible staff based on individual and Group performance. Other employee benefits include provident fund, insurance and medical cover, educational allowances and training programs.

The remuneration policy for the directors and our senior management members is based on their experience, level of responsibility, length of service and general market conditions. Any discretionary bonus and other merit payments are linked to the financial results of the Group and the individual performance of the directors and senior management members.

The Group is committed to nurturing a learning culture in the organisation. Heavy emphasis is placed on training and development, as the Group's success is dependent on the effort of a skilled and motivated work force.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

The Company did not redeem any of the listed securities of the Company nor did the Company or its subsidiaries purchase or sell any such securities during the year ended 30th September, 2022.

Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries had issued or granted any convertible securities, options, warrants or similar rights or exercised any rights in relation to convertible securities, options, warrants or similar rights during the year ended 30th September, 2022.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Pursuant to the Articles of Association, every director of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto. The Company has arranged for appropriate insurance cover for directors' and officers' liabilities in respect of legal actions against its directors and officers arising out of corporate activities. The level of the coverage is reviewed annually. The permitted indemnity provision is in force for the benefit of the directors as required by section 470 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) when the Directors' Report prepared by the directors of the Company is approved in accordance with section 391(1)(a) of the Companies Ordinance.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

Other than the share option scheme of the Company as disclosed above, no equity-linked agreement that will or may result in the Company issuing shares or that require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may result in  the  Company issuing shares were entered into by the Company during the year or subsisted at year ended 30th September, 2022.

## TAX RELIEF

The Company is not aware of any relief on taxation available to the shareholders by reason of their holdings of the shares of the Company. If the shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in, or exercising of any rights in relation to the shares of the Company, they are advised to consult an expert.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association although there is no restriction against such rights under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the directors, the directors confirm that the Company has maintained the amount of public float as required under the Listing Rules during the year ended 30th September, 2022.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company's Audit Committee comprises Prof. Wong Lung Tak, Patrick, Mr. Wong Chun Nam, Duffy, Dr. Wong Chi Keung and Dr. Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire who are the independent non-executive directors of the Company.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 30th September, 2022 with management and discussed with the independent auditor on auditing, internal control and financial reporting matters in respect of this report.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

On 11th March, 2020, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu tendered its resignation as the independent auditor of the Company and BDO Limited was appointed as the independent auditor of the Company by the Board on the same date to fill the casual vacancy. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been audited by BDO Limited who shall retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment at the forthcoming AGM. Having approved by the Board upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee, a resolution to re-appoint BDO Limited as the independent auditor of the Company and to authorise the Board to fix the remuneration will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM.

Save for the above, there were no change of independent auditor in the past three years.

On Behalf of the Board

<!-- image -->

TAM Siu Kei

Executive Director and CEO

Hong Kong, 16th December, 2022

## Independent Auditor's Report

<!-- image -->

## TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF WATER OASIS GROUP LIMITED

(incorporated in Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Water Oasis Group Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (together the 'Group') set out on pages 66 to 126, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30th September, 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30th September, 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 'Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements' section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's 'Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants' (the 'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Independent Auditor's Report (Continued)

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## Key Audit Matters

## Revenue recognition from prepaid treatment services

Revenue from treatment services is recognised when such services were rendered to customers.

Prepaid treatment services not yet rendered, which are non-refundable, are deferred and reported as contract liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position. Customers who may not exercise all of the contractual rights of the prepaid treatment services upon expiry of the service period and such unutilised portion are referred to as breakage.

The Group recognised an expected breakage amount as revenue in proportion to the historical pattern of rights exercised by the customers. Upon expiry of the service period, the unutilised portion of the prepaid treatment services are fully recognised in profit or loss. As at 30th September, 2022, the carrying amount of contract liabilities amounted to HK$490,197,000. During the year ended 30th September, 2022, revenue recognised from treatment services amounted to HK$671,789,000.

The determination of the expected breakage amount involves management's estimate based on the Group's historical experience on the utilisation of prepaid treatment services. The recognition of revenue from the unutilised portion of the expired prepaid treatment services involves significant management's judgement to determine the appropriate timing when the obligations to provide services are considered to be expired based on the Group's forfeiture policy.

Related disclosures are included in notes 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Our response:

Our key audit procedures included:

- obtaining an understanding of the Group's revenue recognition policy in relation to prepaid treatment services;
- with the assistance of our internal IT specialists, identifying and evaluating the relevant IT systems and the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of key internal controls over the revenue recognition from treatment services;
- utilising our internal IT specialists to assist us in assessing the calculation logic of revenue for treatment services and assessing the estimates used in the determination of expected breakage amount such as historical experience on the utilisation of prepaid treatment services;
- testing the data for the calculated expected breakage amount, on a sample basis, by examining the underlying service contracts and usage records; and
- checking the calculation of revenue recognised by examining the underlying sales contracts and related records on a sampling basis.

## Independent Auditor's Report (Continued)

## Key Audit Matters

## Impairment assessment of trademarks and goodwill

We identified the impairment assessment of trademarks and goodwill as a key audit matter due to the significant judgments involved in the management's impairment assessment process.

As disclosed in notes 17 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements, the carrying amount of trademarks and goodwill is HK$72,644,000 and HK$29,673,000 respectively as at 30th September, 2022. As set out in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, in deciding whether trademarks (being the intangible asset with indefinite useful life) and goodwill were impaired or not requires estimation of the recoverable amount of the cash generating units ('CGUs') to which the trademarks and goodwill had been allocated.

In  estimating the value in use of the CGUs, key assumptions used by the management included the discount rate, budgeted sales and long-term growth rates taking into account the CGU's past performance, management's expectation for the market developments and the future 5 years' financial forecast approved by management.

## Our response:

Our key audit procedures included:

- understanding how the management perform impairment assessment including the estimation of future cash flows and key assumptions used;
- evaluating the appropriateness of the key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow calculation, including discount rate, budgeted sales and long-term growth rates through assessing the CGUs's past performance, management's expectation for the market developments and the future 5 years' financial forecast approved by the management;
- assessing the reasonableness of the discount rates applied in determining the value in use by benchmarking against market data;
- evaluating the potential impact of value in use based on the reasonably possible change of the key assumptions used; and
- evaluating the historical accuracy of the cash flows forecast by comparing historical cash flows forecast to the actual results in the current year and understanding the causes of any significant variances.

## Independent Auditor's Report (Continued)

## Key Audit Matters

## Valuation of investment properties

We identified the valuation of investment properties as a key audit matter due to the significant judgments involved in determining the inputs used in the valuation.

As disclosed in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements, the carrying amount of investment properties is HK$226,068,000 as at 30th September, 2022. The fair value of investment properties is based on valuation performed by an independent valuer.

These valuations involve a significant degree of judgment and estimation in respect of the key unobservable inputs including market rentals and market yield, taking into account the lettable units and type of the properties.

## Our response:

Our key audit procedures included:

- obtaining an understanding of the valuation process including the valuation methodology and key inputs to the model with the involvement of the independent valuer;
- evaluating of the competence, capabilities and objectivity of the independent valuer; and
- discussing the valuation with the independent valuer, assessing the valuation methodology applied and reasonableness of the key unobservable inputs used, which included market rentals and market yield, by comparing with market data and the related lease information of the Group.

## Independent Auditor's Report (Continued)

## OTHER INFORMATION IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Company's annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are also responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process. The Audit Committee assists the directors in discharging their responsibility in this regard.

## Independent Auditor's Report (Continued)

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with the terms of our engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

## Independent Auditor's Report (Continued)

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## BDO Limited

Certified Public Accountants

## CHOI Kit Ying

Practising Certificate no. P07387

Hong Kong, 16th December, 2022

## Consolidated Statement of ProGLYPH&lt;31&gt;t or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

| FOR THE YEAR ENDED  30TH SEPTEMBER,  2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  6  841,936  829,935  Purchases and changes in inventories of finished goods  (103,031)  (64,344)  Other income  7  28,666  19,792  Other gains or losses  8  (3,688)  (130)  Staff costs  15  (326,322)  (305,258)  Depreciation  (163,879)  (133,226)  Finance costs  9  (6,688)  (6,539)  Other expenses  10  (140,006)  (130,389)  Derecognition on receivable  34  (33,350)  -  Profit before taxation  93,638  209,841  Taxation  11  (26,782)  (39,803)  Profit for the year  12  66,856  170,038  Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  67,432  170,340  Non-controlling interests  (576)  (302)  66,856  170,038   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of ProGLYPH&lt;31&gt;t or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income (Continued)

| FOR THE YEAR ENDED  30TH SEPTEMBER,  2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Profit for the year  66,856  170,038  Other comprehensive income:  Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:  Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations  (8,472)  3,048  Total comprehensive income for the year  58,384  173,086  Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  58,971  173,413  Non-controlling interests  (587)  (327)  58,384  173,086  Earnings per share  Basic  13  9.9 HK cents  25.0 HK cents  Diluted  13  9.9 HK cents  25.0 HK cents   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

| AS AT 30TH SEPTEMBER,  2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Intangible assets  17  75,424  79,148  Goodwill  18  29,673  29,673  Investment properties  19  226,068  227,915  Property and equipment  20  130,487  80,048  Right-of-use assets  21  343,014  296,480  Rental deposits  22  37,922  38,704  Deferred tax assets  33  5,651  6,873  848,239  758,841  Current assets  Inventories  23  72,293  65,245  Trade receivables  24  18,016  27,611  Contract costs  25  43,241  49,217  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  26  579  738  Prepayments  14,105  36,031  Other deposits and receivables  29,224  49,085  Tax recoverable  1,179  1,786  Bank balances and cash  27  234,284  369,662  412,921  599,375  Current liabilities  Trade payables  28  2,103  3,907  Accruals and other payables  82,118  100,010  Provisions  32,208  29,389  Contract liabilities  29  490,197  590,535  Secured mortgage loan  30  3,187  3,407  Lease liabilities  21  101,480  103,869  Tax payable  39,916  19,976  751,209  851,093  Net current liabilities  (338,288)  (251,718)  Total assets less current liabilities  509,951  507,123   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)

| AS AT 30TH SEPTEMBER,  2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Capital and reserves  Share capital  31  68,055  68,055  Reserves  233,052  284,366  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  301,107  352,421  Non-controlling interests  871  6,344  Total equity  301,978  358,765  Non-current liabilities  Secured mortgage loan  30  -  3,187  Lease liabilities  21  184,855  126,122  Deferred tax liabilities  33  23,118  19,049  207,973  148,358  509,951  507,123   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The consolidated financial statements on pages 66 to 126 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 16th December, 2022 and are signed on its behalf by:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

TAM Siu Kei Executive Director and CEO

YU Kam Shui, Erastus Executive Director

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

| Attributable to owners of the Company  Capital  Statutory  Non-  Share  Share  Exchange  Capital  redemption  fund  Other  Retained  controlling  capital  premium  reserve  reserve  (a)  reserve  reserve  (b)  reserve  (c)  profits  Total  interests  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1st October, 2020  68,055  1,153  22,576  (1,766)  450  1,797  (589)  124,762  216,438  6,671  223,109  Profit (loss) for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  170,340  170,340  (302)  170,038  Exchange differences arising  on translation of foreign  operations  -  -  3,073  -  -  -  -  -  3,073  (25)  3,048  Total comprehensive income  (expense) for the year  -  -  3,073  -  -  -  -  170,340  173,413  (327)  173,086  2021 interim dividend paid  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (37,430)  (37,430)  -  (37,430)  At 30th September, 2021  68,055  1,153  25,649  (1,766)  450  1,797  (589)  257,672  352,421  6,344  358,765  Profit (loss) for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  67,432  67,432  (576)  66,856  Exchange differences arising  on translation of foreign  operations  -  -  (8,461)  -  -  -  -  -  (8,461)  (11)  (8,472)  Total comprehensive income  (expense) for the year  -  -  (8,461)  -  -  -  -  67,432  58,971  (587)  58,384  2021 final dividend paid  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (112,291)  (112,291)  -  (112,291)  Acquisition of additional  equity interest in a  subsidiary (note 40(b))  -  -  -  -  -  -  2,006  -  2,006  (6,986)  (4,980)  Contribution from  a non-controlling  shareholder of a  subsidiary  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  2,100  2,100  -  -  -  -  -  -  2,006  (112,291)  (110,285)  (4,886)  (115,171)  At 30th September, 2022  68,055  1,153  17,188  (1,766)  450  1,797  1,417  212,813  301,107  871  301,978   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The capital reserve represents the difference between the nominal value of the shares of the subsidiaries acquired pursuant to a group reorganisation on 23rd January, 2002 and the nominal value of the Company's shares issued in exchange thereof.

(b) As stipulated by the relevant laws and regulations in the People's Republic of China (the 'PRC'), certain subsidiaries of the Company in the PRC are required to maintain a statutory fund reserve which is non-distributable. Transfer to this reserve fund are made out of profit after taxation of the subsidiaries' PRC statutory financial statements which are prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in PRC.

(c) During the year ended 30th September, 2015, the Group acquired an additional 25% equity interests of a non-wholly owned subsidiary 上海奧薇化妝品商貿有限公司 （ '奧薇' ） . 奧薇 became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group after this acquisition. The difference between the consideration paid and the carrying value of the interest acquired amounting to HK$589,000 was charged to other reserve.

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

| FOR THE YEAR ENDED  30TH SEPTEMBER,  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Operating activities  Profit before taxation  93,638  209,841  Adjustments for:  Amortisation of intangible assets  3,540  1,614  Depreciation  163,879  133,226  Loss (gain) on fair value change of investment properties  1,847  (727)  Loss on fair value change of financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  159  588  Interest expenses on secured mortgage loan  108  180  Interest expenses on lease liabilities  6,572  6,330  Interest income on bank deposits  (1,465)  (1,822)  Interest income on rental deposits  (960)  (1,024)  Rent concessions  (13,540)  (6,688)  Loss on write-off of intangible assets  171  -  Net loss on disposal/write-off of property and equipment  1,352  847  Impairment loss on right-of-use assets  133  -  Derecognition on receivable  33,350  -  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital  288,784  342,365  Increase in inventories  (7,048)  (7,108)  Decrease (increase) in trade receivables  9,595  (4,092)  Decrease (increase) in rental deposits, prepayments,  other deposits and receivables  8,070  (60,265)  Decrease in contract costs  5,976  12,184  Decrease in contract liabilities  (100,338)  (116,927)  Decrease in trade payables  (1,804)  (1,014)  Decrease in accruals and other payables  (17,928)  (22,298)  Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  -  (1,326)  Cash generated from operations  185,307  141,519  Hong Kong Profits Tax refunded (paid)  7,451  (11,856)  The PRC Enterprise Income Tax paid  (7,985)  (7,909)  Net cash from operating activities  184,773  121,754   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)

| FOR THE YEAR ENDED  30TH SEPTEMBER,  2022  2021  Note  HK$'000  HK$'000  Investing activities  Purchase of property and equipment  (90,421)  (51,353)  Acquisition of subsidiaries  34  -  17,781  Interest received on bank deposits  1,509  1,778  Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment  60  126  Additions in intangible assets  -  (71)  Net cash used in investing activities  (88,852)  (31,739)  Financing activities  Dividends paid  (112,291)  (37,430)  Repayment of principal portion of lease liabilities  (97,163)  (94,812)  Repayment of interest portion of lease liabilities  (6,557)  (6,318)  Repayment of secured mortgage loan  (3,407)  (3,334)  Interest paid on secured mortgage loan  (108)  (180)  Contribution from a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary  2,100  -  Acquisition of additional equity interest in a subsidiary  (4,980)  -  Net cash used in financing activities  (222,406)  (142,074)  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (126,485)  (52,059)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  369,662  418,516  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes  (8,893)  3,205  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year,  represented by bank balances and cash  234,284  369,662   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 1. GENERAL

Water Oasis Group Limited (the 'Company') was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability on 27th September, 2001 under the Companies Law, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands. The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the 'Corporate Information' section of this annual report. Its issued shares have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange') since 11th March, 2002.

The Company is an investment holding company. Its principal subsidiaries are engaged in the operations of beauty services including spas, beauty salons and medical beauty centres as well as the distribution of skincare products in Hong Kong, Macau and PRC.

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong Dollars ('HK$'), which is also the functional currency of the Company.

## 2. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis as at 30th September, 2022, as the directors of the Company are satisfied that the Group will have sufficient financial resources to meet its financial obligations as they fall due for the foreseeable future, after taking into consideration the ability to generate funds internally.

## 3. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRS(s)')

## Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

The Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs and an interpretation issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the 'HKICPA') for the first time in the current year:

Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16 Amendment to HKFRS 16

Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2

COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30th June, 2021

The amended standards that are effective from 1st October, 2021 did not have any material impact on the Group's accounting policies.

Amendment to HKFRS 16 issued in April 2021 extends the availability of the practical expedient for lessees to elect not to apply lease modification accounting for rent concessions arising as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic by 12 months. Accordingly, the practical expedient applies to rent concessions for which any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30th June, 2022, provided the other conditions for applying the practical expedient are met. The amendment is effective retrospectively for annual periods beginning on or after 1st April, 2021 with any cumulative effect of initially applying the amendment recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits at the beginning of the current accounting period. Earlier application is permitted.

The Group has adopted the amendment and applied the practical expedient for the year ended 30th September, 2021 and 2022 to all rent concessions granted by the lessors that affected only payments originally due on or before 30th June, 2022 as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic. A reduction in the lease payments arising from the rent concessions of HK$13,951,000 (2021: HK$107,000) has been accounted for as a variable lease payment by derecognising part of the lease liabilities and crediting to profit or loss for the year ended 30th September, 2022 due to this adoption.

## 3. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRS(s)') (Continued)

## New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs and an interpretation that have been issued but are not yet effective.

Amendments to HKFRS 3

Reference to the Conceptual Framework  1

Amendments to HKAS 16

Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use  1

Amendments to HKAS 37

Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract  1

Amendments to HKFRSs

Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018 - 2020 1

Amendments to HKAS 1

Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)  2

Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Amendments to HKAS 8 Amendments to HKAS 12

Disclosure of Accounting Policies  2

Definition of Accounting Estimates  2

Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction  2

HKFRS 17

Insurance Contracts and related amendments  2

Amendment to HKFRS 17

Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9 - Comparative Information  2 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture  4

Amendments to HKFRS 10 and

HKAS 28

Amendment to HKFRS 16

Lease liability in a Sale and Leaseback  3

- 1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1st January, 2022
- 2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1st January, 2023
- 3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1st January, 2024
- 4 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined

The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of these new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the 'Listing Rules') and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for investment properties and investment in listed shares that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out below. Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS 2 'Share-based Payment', leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 'Inventories' or value in use in HKAS 36 'Impairment of Assets'.

A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

- Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;
- Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
- Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

The principal accounting policies are set out below.

## Basis of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

- has power over the investee;
- is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
- has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstance indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Basis of Consolidation (Continued)

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income (expense) are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income and expenses of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with the Group's accounting policies.

All  intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group's equity therein, which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

## Business Combinations

Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method.  The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree.  Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair value, except that:

- deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12 'Income Taxes' and HKAS 19 'Employee Benefits' respectively;
- liabilities  or  equity  instruments  related  to  share-based  payment  arrangements  of  the  acquiree  or share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 'Share-based Payment' at the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below); and
- assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 'Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations' are measured in accordance with that standard.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Business Combinations (Continued)

Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as at acquisition date.  If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer's previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary's net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-controlling interests' proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree's identifiable net assets or at fair value. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.

## Goodwill

Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any, and is presented separately in the consolidated statement of financial position.

For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

A cash-generating unit (or a group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or a group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit on a pro rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or a group of cash-generating units).

On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit  or  loss  on  disposal.  When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers

Under HKFRS 15, the Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when 'control' of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

- the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group's performance as the Group performs;
- the Group's performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or
- the Group's performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

A contract asset represents the Group's right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with HKFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group's unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

A contract liability represents the Group's obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net basis.

Revenue from sales of skincare products is recognised at a point in time when control of the goods has transferred, being when the goods have been delivered to the customers or at the point of purchase by customers.

Revenue from provision of treatment services in beauty salons, spas and medical beauty centres is recognised over time by reference to output method to measure the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation, as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group's performance as the Group performs.

The services are usually sold on a prepaid basis. Payment received for the treatment services are recorded as contract liabilities at the time of receipt.

Contract liabilities are non-refundable and customers may not utilise all of their contracted rights within the service period. Such unutilised service treatments are referred to as breakage. An expected breakage amount in contract liabilities  is  determined by historical experience and is recognised as revenue in proportion to the pattern of prepaid treatment services utilised by the customers.

Any contract liabilities outstanding at the expiry of the service period is fully recognised in profit or loss.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)

For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation is determined at the contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised good or service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.

## Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation

## Output method

The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining services promised under the contract, that best depict the Group's performance in transferring control of services.

## Incremental costs of obtaining a contract

Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract with a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained.

The Group recognises such costs (sales commissions) as an asset if it expects to recover these costs. The asset so recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the services to which the assets relate. The asset is subject to impairment review.

## Customer loyalty scheme

Sales of goods that result in award credits for customers are accounted for as multiple element revenue transactions and the fair value of the consideration received or receivable is allocated between the goods supplied and the award credits granted. The consideration allocated to the award credits is measured by reference to the fair value of the awards for which they could be redeemed. A contract liability for the award credits is recognised at the time of the initial sale transaction. Revenue is recognised when the award credits expired or are redeemed and the Group's obligations have been fulfilled.

## Unutilised prepaid treatment services

An expected breakage amounts are determined based on the Group's historical experience and are recognised as revenue in proportion to the pattern of prepaid treatment services utilised by the customers.

## Foreign Currencies

In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group's operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. HK$) using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates for the year. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of exchange reserve.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Investment Properties

Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.

Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are measured at their fair values. Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of investment properties are included in profit or loss for the period in which they arise.

An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposals. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is derecognised.

## Property and Equipment

Property and equipment including buildings held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of items of property and equipment less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

An item of property and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

## Intangible Assets

## Intangible assets acquired separately

Expenditure on acquiring licences for sale of products is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses (see the accounting policy in respect of impairment on tangible, intangible assets and contract costs other than goodwill below). Amortisation for such licences is provided on a straight-line method over the licence period. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Intangible Assets (Continued) Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

Trademarks acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

The Group's trademarks are of indefinite useful lives. Accordingly, subsequent to initial recognition, trademarks are carried at cost less any accumulated impairment losses (see the accounting policy in respect of impairment on tangible, intangible assets and contract costs other than goodwill below).

An intangible asset is derecognised or disposal, or when no future economic benefit are expected from use or disposal. Gains or losses arising on derecognition of an intangible asset are measured at the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in profit or loss in the period when the asset is derecognised.

Customer relationship and distributor agreement with finite useful lives acquired are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment loss. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

## Impairment on Non-financial assets, Intangible Assets and Contract Costs other than Goodwill

(For impairment on goodwill, please see the accounting policy in respect of goodwill above)

At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets, intangible assets with finite useful lives and contract costs to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

The recoverable amount of non-financial assets and intangible assets are estimated individually, when it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. When a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.

Before the Group recognises an impairment loss for assets capitalised as contract costs under HKFRS 15, the Group assesses and recognises any impairment loss on other assets related to the relevant contracts in accordance with applicable standards. Then, impairment loss, if any, for assets capitalised as contract costs is recognised to the extent the carrying amounts exceeds the remaining amount of consideration that the Group expects to receive in exchange for related goods or services less the costs which relate directly to providing those goods or services that have not been recognised as expenses. The assets capitalised as contract costs are then included in the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit to which they belong for the purpose of evaluating impairment of that cash-generating unit.

Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Impairment on Non-financial assets, Intangible Assets and Contract Costs other than Goodwill (Continued)

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## Financial Instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initial measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

## Financial assets

Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
- the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

A financial asset is as held for trading if:

- it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
- on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
- it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

In  addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income as measured at fair value through profit or loss if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

## Amortised cost and interest income

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial Instruments (Continued) Impairment of financial assets

The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on financial assets (including trade receivables, other receivables and bank balances). The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12m ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment are done based on the Group's historical credit loss experiences, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables. The ECL on these assets are assessed individually.

For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increase in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

- (i) Significant increase in credit risk

In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

In  particular,  the  following  information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly:

- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument's external (if available) or internal credit rating;
- significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
- existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations;
- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
- an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial Instruments (Continued) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

## (i) Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)

Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it has a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has an internal or external credit rating of 'investment grade' as per globally understood definitions.

The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

## (ii) Definition of default

For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

## (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets

A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

- (a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
- (b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
- (c) the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower's financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or
- (d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.

## (iv) Write-off policy

The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group's recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial Instruments (Continued) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

- (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL

The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

The Group recognises an impairment loss or reversal of impairment loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying amounts, with the exception of trade receivables where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

## Derecognition of financial assets

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire.

On derecognition of a financial asset, the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments

## Classifications as debt or equity

Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

## Equity Instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

Repurchase of the Company's own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company's own equity instruments.

## Financial liabilities at amortised cost

Financial liabilities  including  trade  payables, other payables and secured mortgage loan are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group's obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost of inventories are determined on a weighted-average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.

## Taxation

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from 'profit before taxation' as reported in the consolidated statement of profit or loss because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its asset and liabilities.

For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are measured using the fair value model, the carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to be recovered entirely through sale, unless the presumption is rebutted. The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is depreciable and is held within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time, rather than through sale. If the presumption is rebutted, deferred tax liabilities for such investment properties are measured in accordance with the above general principles set out in HKAS 12 (i.e. based on the expected manner as to how the properties will be recovered).

Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Government Grants

Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received. Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Government grants that are receivables as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.

## Employee Benefits

## Employee leave entitlements

Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.

## Pension obligations

The Group's subsidiaries in Hong Kong and the PRC participate in relevant defined contribution schemes, the assets of which are held separately from those of the Group in independently administered funds. Contributions are made to these schemes based on a certain percentage of the applicable payroll costs. The contributions are expensed when employees have rendered services entitling them to the contributions.

## Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits are employee benefits (other than termination benefits) that are expected to be settled within twelve months after the end of the annual reporting period in which the employees render the related service. Short-term employee benefits are recognised in the year when the employees render the related service.

## Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive), as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

## Leases

## (a)

## Accounting as a lessee

All leases (irrespective of they are operating leases or finance leases) are required to be capitalised in the statement of financial position as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, but accounting policy choices exist for an entity to choose not to capitalise (i) leases which are short-term leases and/or (ii) leases for which the underlying asset is of low-value. The Company has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for both of the choices. The lease payments associated with those leases have been expensed on straight-line basis over the lease term.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## (a) Accounting as a lessee (Continued) Right-of-use asset

The right-of-use asset should be recognised at cost and would comprise: (i) the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability (see below for the accounting policy to account for lease liability); (ii) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received and (iii) an estimate of costs to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories. The Company measures the right-of-use assets applying a cost model. Under the cost model, the Company measures the right-of-use assets at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liability.

## Lease liability

The lease liability is recognised at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the date of commencement of the lease. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the Company uses the Company's incremental borrowing rate.

The following payments for the right to use the underlying asset during the lease term that are not paid at the commencement date of the lease are considered to be lease payments: (i) fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable: (ii) variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at commencement date; (iii) amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees; (iv) the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option and (v) payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease.

Subsequent to the commencement date, the Company measures the lease liability by: (i) increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability; (ii) reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made; and (iii) remeasuring the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or lease modifications, e.g. a change in future lease payments arising from change in an index or rate, a change in the lease term, a change in the in substance fixed lease payments or a change in assessment to purchase the underlying asset.

## (b) Accounting as a lessor

When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease is  classified as an operating lease. Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised as an expense on the straight-line basis over the lease term.

## 5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES

## Judgement

In the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, management has made the following judgement, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:

## Revenue recognition from unutilised prepaid treatment services

The recognition of revenue from the unutilised portion of the expired prepaid treatment services involves significant management's judgement to determine the appropriate timing when the obligations to provide services are considered to be expired based on the Group's forfeiture policy and hence the recognition criteria for the related revenue are met in accordance with the accounting policy for revenue recognition in note 4 to the financial statements.

## Acquisition of companies

During the year ended 30th September, 2021, the Group had acquired Millistrong Group (note 34) in accordance with HKFRS 10. All facts and circumstances must be taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group, as an investor, controls the acquiree. The principle of control sets out the following three elements of control:

- (a) power over the acquiree;
- (b) exposure, or rights, to variable returns from involvement with the acquiree; and
- (c) the ability to use power over the acquiree to affect the amount of the investor's returns.

In conducting the assessment to determine the consolidated scope, the directors consider whether the Group has power to remove or control over the party having the ability to direct the relevant activities of the acquiree based on the facts and circumstances and whether the Group has material exposure to variable returns of the acquiree or not. The Group will consolidate the acquiree in the consolidated financial statements if control is existed at the acquisition date. The Company has obtained legal opinion from qualified lawyer that all conditions precedents were met under the sale and purchase agreement and management has made the judgement that the Group has controls over the acquiree and the rights to consolidate Millistrong Group at the acquisition date in the Group's consolidated financial statements.

Detailed accounting policy on assessment of control are set out in 'basis of consolidation' in note 4.

## Estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

## Utilisation pattern of treatment services

Customers who may not exercise all the contractual rights of the prepaid treatment services upon expiry of the service period, and such unutilised portion are referred to as breakage. The Group determines the expected breakage amount with reference to the Group's historical experience on the utilisation of prepaid treatment services. Estimates of expected breakage amount are sensitive to changes in circumstances and the Group's past experience may not be representative of the actual outcome in the future.

## Impairment assessment of trademarks and goodwill

In deciding whether trademarks (being the intangible asset with indefinite useful life) and goodwill were impaired or not requires the determination of the recoverable amount which requires estimation of the value in use of the cash generating unit ('CGU') to which the trademarks and goodwill had been allocated. It requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGU and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value. The use of key assumptions include the discount rate, budgeted sales and gross margin taking into account the CGU's past performance, management's expectation for the market developments and the future 5 years' financial forecast approved by the management.

As at 30th September, 2022, the carrying amount of trademarks and goodwill is HK$72,644,000 (2021: HK$72,644,000) and HK$29,673,000 (2021: HK$29,673,000) respectively. Details of the recoverable amount calculation are disclosed in notes 17 and 18.

## 5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

## Estimated impairment of trade receivables

The ECL assessment is based on the Group's historical default rates takes into consideration forward-looking information that is reasonable and supportable available without undue cost or effort.  At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered.

The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates.  The information about the ECL assessment and the Group's trade receivables are disclosed in note 39 and note 24 respectively.

## Valuation of investment properties

Investment properties were carried at its fair value in the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30th September, 2022 and 2021. Details of which are disclosed in note 19 to these consolidated financial statements. The fair value of the investment properties were determined by reference to valuations conducted on these properties by an independent valuer using property valuation methodology which involve certain assumptions. In determining the fair value, the independent valuer considered key inputs including market rentals and market yield taking into account the lettable units and other similar types of properties under income approach.

Favorable or unfavorable changes to these assumptions may result in changes in the fair value of the Group's investment properties and corresponding adjustments to the gain or loss on fair value change of investment properties reported in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the carrying amount of the investment properties included in the consolidated statement of financial position.

As at 30th September, 2022, the carrying amount of investment properties is HK$226,068,000 (2021: HK$227,915,000), with a decrease in fair value of HK$1,847,000 (2021: increase of HK$727,000) recognised in profit or loss for the year ended 30th September, 2022.

## Estimating the incremental borrowing rate

The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental borrowing rate ('IBR') to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the Group 'would have to pay', which requires estimation when no observable rates are available or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease. The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates.

## Impairment of non-financial assets other than goodwill

Non-financial assets are stated at costs less accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to exercise judgment and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1)  whether an event has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating the recoverable amounts including cash flow projections and an appropriate discount rate. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset (including right-of-use assets), the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the assets belongs. Changing the assumptions and estimates, including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow projections, could materially affect the net present value used in the impairment test.

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

Information reported to the Company's executive directors, being the chief operating decision makers, in respect of  the  Group's business operating segments based on the said information for the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment, under HKFRS 8 are therefore as follows:

- (i) Product segment
- (ii) Service segment
- -the sales of skincare products
- -provision of treatment services in beauty salons, spas and medical beauty centres

## (i) Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue recognised during the year are as follows:

| Product segment  Service segment  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Time of revenue recognition  At a point of time  170,147  125,211  -  -  170,147  125,211  Over time  -  -  671,789  704,724  671,789  704,724  170,147  125,211  671,789  704,724  841,936  829,935   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (ii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers

Revenue from sales of skincare products is recognised at a point in time when control of the goods has transferred, being when the goods have been delivered to the customers or at the point of purchase by customers.

Revenue from provision of treatment services in beauty salons, spas and medical beauty centres is  recognised over time by reference to output method to measure the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation, as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group's performance as the Group performs. The services are usually sold on a prepaid basis. Payment received for the treatment services are recorded as contract liabilities at the time of receipt.

The Company's executive directors make decisions according to the operating results of each segment and reports on the aging analysis of inventories and trade receivables. No analysis of segment asset and segment liability is presented as the Company's executive directors do not review such information for the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue and segment results are presented.

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## (ii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)

The following is an analysis of the Group's revenue and results by operating segments for the year:

| Product segment  Service segment  Elimination  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Sales to external customers  170,147  125,211  671,789  704,724  -  -  841,936  829,935  Inter-segment sales  34,617  20,160  -  -  (34,617)  (20,160)  -  -  Total  204,764  145,371  671,789  704,724  (34,617)  (20,160)  841,936  829,935  Segment results  16,798  15,840  180,256  257,629  -  -  197,054  273,469  Other income  28,666  19,792  Other gains or losses  (3,688)  (130)  Finance costs  (6,688)  (6,539)  Derecognition on receivable  (33,350)  -  Central administrative costs  (88,356)  (76,751)  Profit before taxation  93,638  209,841   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group's accounting policies described in note 4. Segment results represent the profit earned by each segment without allocation of other income, other gains or losses, finance costs, derecognition on receivable and central administrative costs (including directors' emoluments). This is the measure reported to the Company's executive directors for the purposes of the resources allocation and performance assessment.

Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates at terms determined.

The following is an analysis of the Group's other segment information for the year:

| Product segment  Service segment  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  OTHER SEGMENT  INFORMATION  Depreciation of property  and equipment  5,320  3,896  33,242  24,275  38,562  28,171  Amortisation of intangible  assets  2,850  1,441  690  173  3,540  1,614   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## Geographical information

The Group's operations are located in Hong Kong, Macau and the PRC. The PRC includes Mainland China but excludes Hong Kong and Macau.

The Group's revenue and information about its non-current assets by geographical location (excluding rental deposits, trademarks, goodwill and deferred tax assets) are detailed below:

| Revenue  Non-current assets  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong and Macau  748,177  774,145  694,887  604,900  The PRC  93,759  55,790  7,462  6,047  841,936  829,935  702,349  610,947   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Information about major customers

No individual customers contributed over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for both years.

## 7. OTHER INCOME

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Rent concessions  13,951  6,688  Subsidies under the Anti-epidemic Fund of the Hong Kong Government  7,290  5,150  Subsidies for businesses of the Macau Government  485  -  Interest income on bank deposits  1,465  1,822  Rental income  3,464  3,437  PRC Value Added Tax credit/exemption  69  1,076  Others  1,942  1,619  28,666  19,792   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. OTHER GAINS OR LOSSES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss) gain on fair value change of investment properties  (1,847)  727  Loss on fair value change of financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  (159)  (588)  Net loss on disposal/write-off of property and equipment  (1,352)  (847)  Net exchange (loss) gain  (197)  204  Impairment loss on right-of-use assets  (133)  -  Others  -  374  (3,688)  (130)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. FINANCE COSTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest expenses on secured mortgage loan  108  180  Interest expenses on lease liabilities  6,572  6,330  Other interest expenses  8  29  6,688  6,539   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10. OTHER EXPENSES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Auditor's remuneration  1,920  1,859  Amortisation of intangible assets  3,540  1,614  Bank charges  25,448  28,806  Marketing expenses  20,259  21,996  Expenses relating to leases of  - Short-term lease expense  4,843  4,892  - Low-value lease expense  630  638  - Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of  lease liabilities  5,974  3,765  Building management fees, government rent and rates  29,885  22,061  Cleaning and laundry  5,466  5,402  Transportation, storage and delivery  7,666  5,908  Printing, stationery and administration  8,727  8,330  Utilities and telecommunications  4,595  3,684  Others  21,053  21,434  140,006  130,389   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11. TAXATION

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current tax  Hong Kong Profits Tax  14,614  29,065  The PRC Enterprise Income Tax ('EIT')  7,554  6,717  Over provision in prior years  (1,009)  (395)  21,159  35,387  Deferred taxation (note 33)  5,623  4,416  26,782  39,803   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Hong Kong Profits Tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2021: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profit for the year after setting off available tax losses brought forward from prior years.

On 21st March, 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill 2017 (the 'Bill') which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on 28th March, 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of other group entities in Hong Kong not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

Accordingly, the Hong Kong profits tax of the qualifying group entity is calculated at 8.25% on the first HK$2 million of the estimated assessable profits and at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits above HK$2 million.

## 11. TAXATION (Continued)

The PRC EIT was calculated at the statutory income tax rate of 25% (2021: 25%) on the assessable profits.

Withholding tax has been imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits generated by companies established in the PRC. Deferred taxation has been provided for in respect of the undistributed profits from the Company's PRC subsidiaries accordingly as set out in note 33.

Taxation on profits generated outside Hong Kong has been calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation prevailing in the countries/places in which the Group operates.

The taxation for the year can be reconciled to the profit before taxation per the consolidated statement of profit or loss as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Profit before taxation  93,638  209,841  Tax at Hong Kong Profits Tax rate of 16.5% (2021: 16.5%)  15,450  34,624  Effect of different tax rates applied in other jurisdictions  3,005  2,444  Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose  (6,744)  (3,538)  Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose  9,759  2,202  Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised  (453)  (1,235)  Tax effect of tax losses not recognised  4,014  2,440  Over provision in prior years  (1,009)  (395)  Tax effect of withholding tax arising from  undistributed profits of subsidiaries  2,037  2,026  Income tax at concessionary rate  (165)  (165)  Others  888  1,400  Taxation for the year  26,782  39,803   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Profit for the year is stated at after charging:  Depreciation:  - Property and equipment  38,562  28,171  - Right-of-use assets  125,317  105,055  and after crediting:  Interest income on bank deposits  1,465  1,822  Government subsidies (note)  28,419  18,444  Rental income from investment properties net of negligible  direct operating expenses  3,464  3,437  Rent concessions related to COVID-19  13,951  6,688   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: During the year ended 30th September, 2022, these primarily represented government subsidies granted due to the COVID-19 pandemic which include subsidies of HK$20,644,000 (2021: HK$13,294,000) under the Employment Support Scheme which were included in staff costs; other subsidies of HK$7,775,000 (2021: HK$5,150,000) under the Anti-epidemic Fund of the Hong Kong Government and subsidies for businesses of the Macau Government which were included in other income. The Group has complied all attached conditions for both years.

## 13. EARNINGS PER SHARE

The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the following data:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Earnings for the purposes of basic and diluted earnings per share  67,432  170,340   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Number of shares  2022  2021  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of  basic and diluted earnings per share  680,552,764  680,552,764   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14. DIVIDENDS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interim dividend declared and paid of Nil  (2021: 5.5 HK cents) per share  -  37,430  Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period of  7.5 HK cents (2021: 16.5 HK cents) per share  51,041  112,291  51,041  149,721   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The 2022 final dividend of 7.5 HK cents (2021: 16.5 HK cents) per share, amounting to approximately HK$51,041,000 (2021: HK$112,291,000), has been proposed by the directors of the Company after the end of the reporting period and is subject to approval by the shareholders in the annual general meeting. This proposed dividend has not been recognised as a distribution during the year.

The aggregate amount of the dividends paid during the year ended 30th September, 2022 were approximately HK$112,291,000 (2021: HK$37,430,000).

## 15. STAFF COSTS (INCLUDING DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS)

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Wages, salaries, bonuses and allowances  334,607  307,536  Pension costs - defined contribution plans  12,359  11,016  Government subsidies (note)  (20,644)  (13,294)  326,322  305,258   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: During the year ended 30th September, 2022, HK$20,644,000 (2021: HK$13,294,000) government subsidies was granted due to the COVID-19 pandemic under the Employment Support Scheme.

## 16. DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS

## (a) Directors' and Chief Executive's Emoluments

| 2022  Name of directors and  Retirement  Total  Chief Executive  Fees  Basic salaries  Bonuses  benefit costs  emoluments  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Yu Kam Shui, Erastus  (4)(6)  -  897  3,392  -  4,289  Yu Lai Chu, Eileen  -  897  3,392  -  4,289  Lai Yin Ping  -  897  3,392  -  4,289  Wong Lung Tak, Patrick  (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)  250  -  -  -  250  Wong Chun Nam, Duffy  (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)  250  -  -  -  250  Wong Chi Keung  (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)  250  -  -  -  250  Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire  (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)(8)  18  -  -  -  18  Tam Siu Kei  (7)  -  4,730  4,442  18  9,190  Total for the year 2022  768  7,421  14,618  18  22,825   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2021  Name of directors and  Retirement  Total  Chief Executive  Fees  Basic salaries  Bonuses  benefit costs  emoluments  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Yu Kam Shui, Erastus  (4)(6)  -  897  555  -  1,452  Yu Lai Chu, Eileen  -  897  555  -  1,452  Lai Yin Ping  -  897  555  4  1,456  Wong Lung Tak, Patrick  (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)  250  -  -  -  250  Wong Chun Nam, Duffy  (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)  250  -  -  -  250  Wong Chi Keung  (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)  250  -  -  -  250  Tam Siu Kei  (7)  -  4,550  555  18  5,123  Total for the year 2021  750  7,241  2,220  22  10,233   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Independent non-executive directors

(2) Members of the Company's Audit Committee

(3) Members of the Company's Remuneration Committee

(4) Members of the Company's Investment Advisory Committee

(5) Members of the Company's Nomination Committee

(6) Members of the Company's Disclosure Committee

(7) CEO and executive director

(8) Appointed on 5th September, 2022

## 16. DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS (Continued)

## (b) Five Highest Paid Individuals

Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, four (2021: one) were directors of the Company. Emoluments payable to the five individuals during the year were as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Basic salaries and other allowances  10,957  17,489  Bonuses  14,618  555  Retirement benefit costs  36  90  25,611  18,134   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Their emoluments fell within the following bands:

| Number of individuals  2022  2021  Emolument bands  HK$2,500,001 - HK$3,000,000  -  2  HK$3,000,001 - HK$3,500,000  -  1  HK$3,500,001 - HK$4,000,000  1  1  HK$4,000,001 - HK$4,500,000  3  -  HK$5,000,001 - HK$5,500,000  -  1  HK$9,000,001 - HK$9,500,000  1  -  5  5   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For both years, no directors waived any emoluments and no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or any of the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group and compensation for loss of office.

## 17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Licence  fees  Trademarks  Customer  relationship  Distributor  agreement  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  COST  At 1st October, 2020  592  59,406  -  -  59,998  Acquisition of subsidiaries (note (b)  and 34)  -  13,748  3,631  4,226  21,605  Additions  71  -  -  -  71  Exchange realignment  35  -  -  -  35  At 30th September, 2021  698  73,154  3,631  4,226  81,709  Write-off  (623)  -  -  -  (623)  Exchange realignment  (48)  -  -  -  (48)  At 30th September, 2022  27  73,154  3,631  4,226  81,038  ACCUMULATED AMORTISATION  At 1st October, 2020  413  -  -  -  413  Charged for the year  51  -  173  1,390  1,614  Exchange realignment  24  -  -  -  24  At 30th September, 2021  488  -  173  1,390  2,051  Charged for the year  14  -  690  2,836  3,540  Eliminated on write-off  (452)  -  -  -  (452)  Exchange realignment  (35)  -  -  -  (35)  At 30th September, 2022  15  -  863  4,226  5,104  IMPAIRMENT  At 1st October, 2020,  30th September, 2021 and 2022  -  510  -  -  510  CARRYING VALUE  At 30th September, 2022  12  72,644  2,768  -  75,424  At 30th September, 2021  210  72,644  3,458  2,836  79,148   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

Notes:

- (a) Expenditure on acquiring licences for sale of products is capitalised. The Group's licence fees have definite useful lives and are amortised over respective licence period.
- (b) The Group's trademarks have finite legal lives but are renewable upon expiry at minimal costs. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group would renew the trademarks continuously and has the ability to do so. Various studies including product life cycle studies, market, competitive and environmental trends, and brand extension opportunities have been performed by the management of the Group, which support that the trademarks have no foreseeable limit to the period over which the trademarked products are expected to generate net cash flows for the Group.

As a result, the trademarks are considered by the management of the Group as having indefinite useful lives because they are expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. The trademarks will not be amortised until their useful lives are determined to be finite. Instead they will be tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

The recoverable amount of the trademarks, with carrying amount of HK$13,748,000, has been assessed together with the goodwill, other intangible assets, property and equipment, right-of-use assets and contract costs acquired on the same business combination during the year ended 30th September, 2021, as set out in note 34. The customer relationship and distributor agreement have definite useful life and are amortised on a straight-line basis over a period of approximately 5 years and 1 year respectively.

The remaining trademarks of HK$58,896,000 as at 30th September, 2022 and 2021 is related to a specific product and service line acquired during the year ended 30th September, 2010.

The recoverable amount of the trademarks has been assessed together with the goodwill, other intangible assets, property and equipment, right-of-use assets and contract costs acquired on those business combinations, as set out in note 18.

## 18.  GOODWILL

| HK$'000  COST  At 1st October, 2020  3,498  Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries (notes (a)-(c) and 34)  26,661  At 30th September, 2021 and 2022  30,159  IMPAIRMENT  At 1st October, 2020, 30th September, 2021 and 2022  486  CARRYING VALUE  At 30th September, 2021 and 2022  29,673   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 30th September, 2022 and 2021, goodwill of HK$26,661,000 is attributable to three CGUs (CGU1, CGU2 and CGU3) of three brands of product and service lines acquired during the year ended 30th September 2021.

- (a) The goodwill of CGU1 arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries during the year ended 30th September, 2021 was amounted to HK$11,429,000 (note 34).

As at 30th September 2022, the recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation and this valuation was performed by an independent qualified professional valuer. The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period at a pre-tax discount rate of 24.1% (2021: 16.94%). A revenue growth rate ranged from 3.9% to 4.8% in the first five years and a long-term growth rate of 2.0% beyond the 5-year period are used in the CGU's cashflows.

- (b) The goodwill of CGU2 arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries during the year ended 30th September, 2021 was amounted to HK$13,374,000 (note 34).

The CGU includes the trademarks as set out in note 17 which was acquired in the same business combination (note 34) during the year ended 30th September, 2021. As at 30th September 2022, the recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation and this valuation was performed by an independent qualified professional valuer. The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period at a pre-tax discount rate of 19.5% (2021:16.94%). A revenue growth rate ranged from 4.8% to 19.4% in the first five years and a long-term growth rate of 2.5% beyond the 5-year period are used in the CGU's cashflows.

## 18. GOODWILL (Continued)

- (c) The goodwill of CGU3 arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries during the year ended 30th September, 2021 was amounted to HK$1,858,000 (note 34).

As at 30th September 2022, the recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation and this valuation was performed by an independent qualified professional valuer. The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period at a pre-tax discount rate of 21.1% (2021: 16.94%). A revenue growth rate ranged from 3.4% to 15.0% in the first five years and a long-term growth rate of 2.5% beyond the 5-year period are used in the CGU's cashflows.

The remaining goodwill of HK$3,012,000 as at 30th September, 2022 is attributable to two CGUs (CGU4 and CGU5) of a brand of product and service line acquired during the year ended 30th September, 2010.

- (d) The goodwill of CGU4 arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries during the year ended 30th September, 2010 was amounted to HK$273,000.

CGU4 includes the trademarks as set out in note 17 which were acquired in the same business combination during the year ended 30th September, 2010. As at 30th September 2022 and 2021, the recoverable amount of the CGU was determined based on a value in use calculation. That calculation uses discounted cash flows projections based on the future 5 years' financial forecast approved by the management and at a discount rate of 20.7% (2021: 16.94%). A revenue growth rate ranged from 4.8% to 40.7% in the first five years and a long-term growth rate of 2.5% beyond the 5-year period are used in the CGU's cashflows.

- (e) The goodwill of CGU5 arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries during the year ended 30th September, 2010 was amounted to HK$2,739,000.

CGU5 includes the trademarks as set out in note 17 which were acquired in the same business combination during the year ended 30th September, 2010. As at 30th September 2022 and 2021, the recoverable amount of the CGU was determined based on a value in use calculation. That calculation uses discounted cash flows projections based on the future 5 years' financial forecast approved by the management and at a discount rate of 20.7% (2021: 16.94%). A revenue growth rate ranged from 4.8% to 40.7% in the first five years and a long-term growth rate of 2.5% beyond the 5-year period are used in the CGU's cashflows.

Based on the assessment of the recoverable amount of the CGUs, no impairment loss was recognised for the year ended 30th September, 2022 (2021: HK$nil).

For all CGUs, management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions of cash flow projections would not cause the respective carrying amounts of these CGUs to exceed their recoverable amounts. The management of the Company has determined that there are no other impairment required to be recognised for its CGUs containing goodwill or trademarks with indefinite useful lives.

## 19. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  FAIR VALUE  At the beginning of the year  227,915  227,188  (Decrease) increase in fair value recognised in  the consolidated statement of profit or loss and  other comprehensive income  (1,847)  727  At the end of the year  226,068  227,915   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's investment properties at their fair values are analysed as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  In Hong Kong  226,068  227,915   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of the Group's investment properties at G/F, 1-5/F, 18 Cochrane Street, Central, Hong Kong as at 30th September, 2022 and 2021 has been arrived at on the basis of a valuation carried out on that date by Dynasty Premium Asset Valuation &amp; Real Estate Consultancy Limited, an independent valuer not connected with the Group.

All  of  the  Group's property interests held under operating leases to earn rentals or for capital appreciation purposes are measured using the fair value model and are classified and accounted for as investment properties.

The fair value is determined based on the income approach, where the market rentals of all lettable units of the properties are assessed and discounted at the market yield expected by investors for this type of properties. The market rentals are assessed by reference to the rentals achieved in the lettable units of the properties as well as other lettings of similar properties in the neighbourhood. The market yield is determined by reference to the discount rates derived from similar commercial properties in Hong Kong. There has been no change from the valuation methodology used in the prior year.

In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.

Following are the key inputs used in valuing the investment properties as at 30th September, 2022 and 2021:

| Category  Fair  value  hierarchy  Fair value at  Valuation  methodology  Key  unobservable  inputs  Range of  unobservable inputs  Relationship of  unobservable  inputs to  fair value  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Commercial  Level 3  226,068  227,915  Income  Monthly market  HK$27 to  HK$27 to  The higher the market  rental, the higher the fair  value  properties  approach  rental per  HK$342  HK$377  square foot  Market yield  2.5% to  3.75%  2.5% to  4.5%  The lower the market  yield, the higher the fair  value   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 during the year.

## 20. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

| Office  Machinery  equipment,  Leasehold  Motor  Computer  and  furniture and  improvements  vehicles  equipment  equipment  fixtures  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost  At 1st October, 2020  111,773  4,791  10,805  96,045  10,117  233,531  Additions  34,375  -  667  15,736  575  51,353  Acquisition of subsidiaries  (note 34)  5,349  -  -  425  183  5,957  Disposals  -  -  -  (146)  -  (146)  Write-off  (12,943)  -  (65)  (1,671)  (552)  (15,231)  Exchange realignment  -  -  6  191  9  206  At 30th September, 2021  138,554  4,791  11,413  110,580  10,332  275,670  Additions  71,666  -  1,183  15,147  2,425  90,421  Disposals  -  -  -  (66)  -  (66)  Write-off  (5,899)  -  (7)  (4,577)  (63)  (10,546)  Exchange realignment  -  -  (10)  (237)  (17)  (264)  At 30th September, 2022  204,321  4,791  12,579  120,847  12,677  355,215  Accumulated depreciation  At 1st October, 2020  84,259  3,372  9,469  75,196  9,362  181,658  Provided for the year  17,494  950  729  8,682  316  28,171  Eliminated on disposals  -  -  -  (82)  -  (82)  Eliminated on write-off  (12,943)  -  (60)  (769)  (550)  (14,322)  Exchange realignment  -  -  6  182  9  197  At 30th September, 2021  88,810  4,322  10,144  83,209  9,137  195,622  Provided for the year  26,150  469  932  10,414  597  38,562  Eliminated on disposals  -  -  -  (25)  -  (25)  Eliminated on write-off  (5,517)  -  (7)  (3,620)  (31)  (9,175)  Exchange realignment  -  -  (9)  (230)  (17)  (256)  At 30th September, 2022  109,443  4,791  11,060  89,748  9,686  224,728  Carrying value  At 30th September, 2022  94,878  -  1,519  31,099  2,991  130,487  At 30th September, 2021  49,744  469  1,269  27,371  1,195  80,048   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above items of property and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis at the following rates per annum:

Leasehold improvements Motor vehicles Computer equipment Machinery and equipment Office equipment, furniture and fixtures

Over the unexpired periods of the leases

33 1 / 3% 33 1 / 3% 16 2 / 3% to 20% 16 2 / 3% to 20%

## 21. LEASES

## Right-of-use assets

The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:

2022

HK$'000

343,014

Leasehold land and buildings

2021

HK$'000

296,480

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1st October  296,480  242,374  Additions  71,789  130,055  Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 34)  -  11,457  Depreciation  (125,317)  (105,055)  Lease modification  101,029  17,337  Impairment loss  (133)  -  Exchange adjustment  (834)  312  At 30th September  343,014  296,480   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Lease liabilities

The present value of future lease payments are analysed as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current liabilities  101,480  103,869  Non-current liabilities  184,855  126,122  286,335  229,991   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended 30th September, 2022, the total cash outflow for leases were HK$115,167,000 (2021: HK$110,425,000).

## 22. RENTAL DEPOSITS

These represent the deposits paid by the Group under non-cancellable operating leases for certain of its leased properties.

## 23. INVENTORIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Finished goods - merchandises  72,293  65,245   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24. TRADE RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables  18,016  27,611   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group generally allows its trade debtors' credit terms of 30 days to 180 days. The following is an aging analysis of trade receivables, net of allowances for credit losses, presented based on the invoice dates, at the end of the reporting period:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0 to 30 days  10,283  17,341  31 to 60 days  1,752  3,171  61 to 90 days  1,674  2,599  91 to 120 days  1,396  2,336  121 to 150 days  2,180  1,440  151 to 180 days  660  724  Over 180 days  71  -  18,016  27,611   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 30th September, 2022, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to HK$18,016,000 (2021: HK$27,611,000).

As at 30th September, 2022, included in the Group's trade receivable balances were debtors with aggregate carrying amount of HK$43,000 (2021: HK$nil) which has been past due 90 days or more and is not considered as in default. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables for the year ended 30th September, 2022 are set out in note 39.

## 25.  CONTRACT COSTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Incremental costs to obtain contracts  43,241  49,217   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contract costs capitalised as at 30th September, 2022 and 2021 relate to the incremental sales commissions paid to sales staff whose selling activities resulted in customers entering into contracts for the treatment services in beauty salons, spas and medical beauty centres which the services are not rendered by the Group at the reporting date.

Contract costs are recognised as part of staff cost in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income in the period in which revenue from the related service is recognised. The amount of capitalised costs recognised in profit or loss during the year was HK$68,371,000 (2021: HK$74,390,000). There was no impairment in relation to the opening balance of capitalised costs or the costs capitalised during the year.

## 26. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong listed equity investments classified as held for trading,  at quoted market price  579  738   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These investments represented listed securities in Hong Kong of HK$579,000 (2021: HK$738,000), which are level 1 financial instruments and the fair value are based on the quoted bid prices in an active market. There are no significant unobservable inputs.

## 27. BANK BALANCES AND CASH

Bank balances are mainly denominated in the functional currencies of respective group entities, which carry interest at 1.1% (2021: 0.8%) per annum.

## 28. TRADE PAYABLES

The following is an aging analysis of trade payables, presented based on the invoice dates, at the end of the reporting period:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0 to 30 days  1,799  3,035  31 to 60 days  299  851  Over 60 days  5  21  2,103  3,907   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The credit period on purchases of goods ranges from 30 days to 60 days. The Group has financial risk management policies in place to ensure that all these payables are within the credit time frame.

## 29. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Sales of skincare products  4,047  5,598  Provision of treatment services in beauty salons, spas and  medical beauty centres  486,150  584,937  490,197  590,535   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities balance at the beginning of the years are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Sales of skincare products  5,532  3,110  Provision of treatment services in beauty salons, spas and  medical beauty centres  449,780  469,774   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30.  SECURED MORTGAGE LOAN

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Analysed for reporting purpose as:  Current liabilities  3,187  3,407  Non-current liabilities  -  3,187  3,187  6,594   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The scheduled principal repayment dates of the loan with reference to the mortgage loan agreement are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within 1 year  3,187  3,407  1 year to less than 2 years  -  3,187  3,187  6,594  Less: Amount due within one year  shown under current liabilities  (3,187)  (3,407)  Amount shown under non-current liabilities  -  3,187   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The mortgage loan, which is denominated in Hong Kong dollars, is secured by the Group's investment properties with a carrying value of HK$226,068,000 as at 30th September, 2022 (2021: HK$227,915,000). It bears interest at 2.85% (2021: 2.85%) below the bank's Hong Kong Dollar Best Lending Rate per annum. The effective interest rate is approximately 2.275% (2021: 2.15%) per annum.

## 31. SHARE CAPITAL

| Number of shares  Amount  HK$'000  Ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each  Authorised:  At 1st October, 2020, 30th September, 2021,  1st October, 2021 and 30th September, 2022  2,000,000,000  200,000  Issued and fully paid:  At 1st October, 2020, 30th September, 2021,  1st October, 2021 and 30th September, 2022  680,552,764  68,055   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32. PENSION OBLIGATIONS

## Defined Contribution Plans

The Group participates a Mandatory Provident Fund ('MPF') Scheme for all qualifying employees employed in Hong Kong. The assets of the scheme are held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the control of trustees. The Group contributes the lower of HK$1,500 per month as a mandatory contribution or 5% of the relevant monthly payroll costs to the MPF Scheme.

The employees employed in the PRC subsidiaries are members of the state-managed retirement benefit schemes operated by the PRC government. The PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll to the retirement benefit schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefits schemes is to make the required contributions under the schemes.

As at 30th September, 2022 and 2021, there was no forfeited contribution under the Defined Contribution Schemes available which may be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contributions, nor any contribution under the Defined Contribution Schemes was forfeited by the Group during the two years.

## 33. DEFERRED TAXATION

The following are the deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognised and movements thereon during the current and prior years:

| Decelerated  tax  depreciation  Intangible  assets  Undistributed  profits of  PRC  subsidiaries  Contract  liabilities  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1st October, 2020  474  (9,718)  (4,470)  5,869  (7,845)  Exchange realignment  -  -  (279)  364  85  Charged to the consolidated statement of  profit or loss and other comprehensive income  (1,935)  -  (2,026)  (455)  (4,416)  At 30th September, 2021  (1,461)  (9,718)  (6,775)  5,778  (12,176)  Exchange realignment  -  -  717  (385)  332  Charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss  and other comprehensive income  (2,871)  -  (2,037)  (715)  (5,623)  At 30th September, 2022  (4,332)  (9,718)  (8,095)  4,678  (17,467)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and they relate to the same tax authority. The following amounts, determined after appropriate offsetting, are shown in the consolidated statement of financial position:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Deferred tax assets  5,651  6,873  Deferred tax liabilities  (23,118)  (19,049)  (17,467)  (12,176)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At the end of the reporting period, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately HK$150,780,000 (2021: HK$136,183,000) available for offset against future profits. No deferred tax asset had been recognised due to the unpredictability of future profit streams for both years ended 30th September, 2022 and 2021.

At the end of the reporting period, tax losses of approximately HK$5,347,000 (2021: HK$4,072,000) from overseas subsidiaries will be expired starting from 2023 up to the end of 2027 (2021: starting from 2022 up to the end of 2026). Other unused tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely.

## 34. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES

## For the year ended 30th September, 2021

On 29th March, 2021, the Company entered into a sale and purchase agreement ('Sale and Purchase Agreement') to acquire 100% of equity interests of Millistrong Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (referred as 'Millistrong' or as the context requires) for a base consideration of HK$45,000,000 ('Base Consideration') (as explained in note (a)). On 28th June, 2021, the completion of Millistrong took place ('Completion'). Millistrong has been accounted for as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group since Completion.

The purchase price has been preliminarily allocated based on the estimated fair value of net assets acquired and liabilities assumed by the Group at the Completion. The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to further refinement and may require adjustments to arrive at the final purchase price allocation. These adjustments will primarily relate to contract liabilities and income tax-related items. The preliminary fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Millistrong to the Group as at the Completion was as follows:

| Notes  HK$'000  Base consideration:  (a)  45,000  Cash adjustment  -  NAV adjustment  (a)  (45,000)  -  Contingent consideration  (b)  -  -  Plant and equipment  5,957  Intangible assets  21,605  Right-of-use assets  11,457  Inventories  9,643  Trade and other receivables  11,268  Contract cost  3,586  Tax recoverable  553  Cash and bank balances  17,781  Trade and other payables  (38,111)  Contract liabilities  (57,983)  Tax payable  (602)  Lease liabilities  (11,815)  Net identifiable liabilities acquired  (26,661)  Goodwill  26,661  Total consideration  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Goodwill arose in the acquisition because the cost of acquisition included a premium for acquiring control of Millistrong and the expected future profitability and synergy benefits of Millistrong to the Group. Such benefits cannot be reliably measured individually and are therefore collectively identified as goodwill.

## 34. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

## For the year ended 30th September, 2021 (Continued)

An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of subsidiaries is as follows:

| HK$'000  Cash and cash equivalents paid (Note (a))  -  Cash and cash equivalents acquired  (17,781)  Total net cash inflow  17,781   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Pro-forma

The acquired business contributed total revenue of HK$33,526,000 and net profit of HK$838,000 to the Group from the Completion date to 30th September, 2021. Had these companies been consolidated from 1st October, 2020, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the Group would show pro-forma revenue of HK$943,609,000 and profit for the year of HK$162,148,000.

Notes:

- (a) As disclosed in the Announcements dated 29th March, 9th June and 28th June, 2021, the Base Consideration for the acquisition of Millistrong was HK$45,000,000, which shall be subject to conditions and adjustments set out in the Sale and Purchase Agreement. Except for the upward adjustments if certain conditions have been satisfied (as explained in note (b)), the Base Consideration shall be (i) reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis by the amount by which the aggregate amount of cash at bank and on hand of Millistrong as shown in the completion accounts ('Completion Accounts') is less than an aggregate of HK$8,000,000 ('Cash Adjustment'); and (ii) reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis by the amount by which the adjusted net asset value of Millistrong as shown in the Completion Accounts is less than zero ('NAV Adjustment'), provided that the aggregate of the Cash Adjustment and NAV Adjustment shall not exceed the Base Consideration.

According to the Sale and Purchase Agreement, the Group and the vendor shall jointly appoint BDO Limited ('Reporting Accountants' as defined in the Sale and Purchase Agreement) for performing completion audit and issuing completion accounts and accountants certificate. Up to the date of this report, the vendor has not complied with the Sale and Purchase Agreement to jointly appoint the Reporting Accountants with the Group to prepare the Completion Accounts. Based on Millistrong's summarised financial information prepared by the directors of the Company at the Completion date, the net liabilities of Millistrong were HK$48,266,000. As a result, the preliminary consideration is HK$nil.

Up to 30th September, 2021, the Group has paid HK$33,750,000 to the vendor pursuant to the provisions of the Sale and Purchase Agreement. Upon the assessment preliminarily performed by the management, the cash consideration was adjusted to HK$nil after taken into NAV Adjustment. As a result, the carrying amount of HK$33,750,000 was included in 'other deposits and receivables' in the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30th September, 2021. The Group is in the process of (i) discussing with the vendor with an aim to complete the completion audit and finalise the Completion Accounts pursuant to the terms of the Sale and Purchase Agreement as soon as possible (expected to be completed by the end of June 2022), and (ii) reviewing with its advisers in respect of its rights under the Sale and Purchase Agreement and the appropriate course of action to take in the scenario when the Completion Accounts could not be agreed within a reasonable period of time. Management performed impairment assessment on that HK$33,750,000 and concluded that there was no impairment recognised as at 30th September, 2021.

- (b) The Total Consideration is subject to possible upward adjustment if the consolidated turnover for Millistrong in respect of the 12 complete calendar months following Completion exceeds HK$170,000,000, HK$185,000,000 and HK$200,000,000 respectively, the Total Consideration may be increased by HK$5,000,000, HK$7,500,000 and HK$10,000,000 accordingly.

The expected future economic benefits that will flow out of the Group arising from such arrangement are considered as a contingent consideration. The contingent consideration is measured at fair value as at its acquisition-date and included as part of the consideration transferred in the business combination.

The valuation of the contingent consideration was carried out by an independent professional qualified valuer. The fair value of the contingent consideration as at 30th September, 2021 is HK$nil.

(c) The acquisition-related costs of HK$4,324,000 have been expensed and are included in administrative expenses.

(d) The gross amount of trade and other receivables was HK$11,268,000.

## 34. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

## For the year ended 30th September, 2022

Subsequent to the Completion, disputes (the 'Disputes') have arisen between the parties relating primarily to the approach to the preparation of the Completion Accounts and determination of the total Consideration.

Having used the best endeavours to attempt to resolve the Disputes but without success, the Company, the vendor and the guarantors were of the view that it is in their respective best interest to avoid costly and lengthy legal actions by entering into a deed of settlement dated 23rd June, 2022 (the 'Settlement Deed') for full and final settlement of the Disputes. Pursuant to the Settlement Deed, the parties agreed and confirmed, among others:

- (i) the  consideration for the Acquisition shall be finally and conclusively determined as and fixed at HK$42,350,000 (the 'Final Consideration'), on condition that the special dividend payable to the vendor of HK$9,000,000 that was recognised as at 30th September, 2021 being waived. With the dispensation of the adjustment mechanism under the Sale and Purchase Agreement, there would not be any contingent consideration. The balance of the Final Consideration payable by the Company is HK$8,600,000; and
- (ii) the Company shall pay HK$70,000 to the vendor for the settlement of the vendor's legal fees in respect of the Settlement Deed.

Since the Disputes and Settlement Deed have arisen subsequent to the completion date of 28th June, 2021, the Final Consideration is not measurement period adjustment. According to HKFRS 9, an entity shall derecognise a financial assets when, and only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire and the difference between the carrying amount (measured at the date of derecognition) and the consideration received (including any new asset obtained less any new liability assumed) shall be recognised in profit or loss. As a result, the Company derecognised receivable of HK$33,750,000 in note (a) above resulting in an expense of HK$33,350,000 being charged to profit and loss for the year ended 30th September, 2022. The balance of the Final Consideration payable by the Company of HK$8,600,000 was paid to the vendor on 23rd June, 2022. The preliminary purchase price allocation disclosed above became final.

## 35. PLEDGE OF ASSETS

At the end of the reporting period, the carrying value of the Group's asset which was pledged to secure a mortgage loan is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Investment properties  226,068  227,915   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 36.  COMMITMENTS AND OPERATING LEASE ARRANGEMENTS

## (a) Capital Commitments

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition  of property and equipment contracted for  but not provided in the consolidated financial statements  2,924  3,729   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Commitments and Arrangements under Operating Leases

At the end of the reporting period, the Group had total future aggregate minimum lease receipts under non-cancellable operating leases in respect of investment properties:

| As lessors  2022  2021  Rental receipts  HK$'000  HK$'000  Not later than 1 year  3,418  2,965  More than 1 year but not later than 2 years  1,820  2,610  More than 2 years but not later than 3 years  300  1,100  5,538  6,675   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There was no contingent lease arrangement for the Group's rental receipts.

## 37. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

The table below details changes in the Group's liabilities arising from financing activities. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group's consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

| Interest  payable,  included  in accruals  and  other payables  Secured  mortgage  loan  Dividend  payable  Lease  liabilities  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As 1st October, 2020  -  9,928  -  195,111  205,039  Additions to lease liabilities  -  -  -  109,277  109,277  Acquisition of subsidiaries  (note 34)  -  -  -  11,815  11,815  Lease modifications  -  -  -  14,881  14,881  Rent concessions  -  -  -  (6,620)  (6,620)  Interest expenses on secured  mortgage loan  180  -  -  -  180  Interest expenses on lease liabilities  -  -  -  6,330  6,330  Exchange adjustment  -  -  -  327  327  Financing cash flows  (180)  (3,334)  (37,430)  (101,130)  (142,074)  Dividend declared  -  -  37,430  -  37,430  At 30th September, 2021  -  6,594  -  229,991  236,585  Additions to lease liabilities  -  -  -  68,081  68,081  Lease modifications  -  -  -  99,817  99,817  Rent concessions  -  -  -  (13,540)  (13,540)  Interest expenses on secured  mortgage loan  108  -  -  -  108  Interest expenses on lease  liabilities  -  -  -  6,572  6,572  Exchange adjustment  -  -  -  (866)  (866)  Financing cash flows  (108)  (3,407)  (112,291)  (103,720)  (219,526)  Dividend declared  -  -  112,291  -  112,291  At 30th September, 2022  -  3,187  -  286,335  289,522   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 38. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balances. The Group's overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

The capital structure of the Group consists of debt as disclosed in note 30 and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising share capital, share premium, reserves and retained profits as disclosed in the consolidated financial statements.

The directors of the Company review the capital structure annually. As part of this review, the directors of the Company assess the annual budget prepared by management of the Company. Based on the proposed annual budget, the directors of the Company consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The directors of the Company also balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, new share issues, as well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt.

## 39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## (a) Categories of Financial Instruments

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  Amortised cost  307,452  477,605  Fair value through profit or loss  579  738  Financial liabilities  Amortised cost  305,369  269,506   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies

The Group's financial instruments include trade receivables, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, other receivables, deposits, bank balances, trade payables, other payables, secured mortgage loan and lease liabilities. Details of the financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments include credit risk, market risks (currency risk and interest rate risk) and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

## (i) Credit Risk and Impairment Assessment

As at 30th September, 2022, the Group's maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is arising from the carrying amount of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position.

## 39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (Continued)

## (i) Credit Risk and Impairment Assessment (Continued)

Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers

The Group has no significant concentration of customer credit risk, with exposure spread over a number of debtors. A large portion of the Group's revenue are on cash or credit card sales, with the trade receivables primarily retained by banks/credit card companies. The credit risks on trade receivables from banks/credit card companies are limited because the counterparties are banks/financial institutions with high external credit ratings. Monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts.  In addition, the Company performs impairment assessment under ECL model upon application of HKFRS 9 on trade balances individually.

The Group's concentration of customer credit risk by geographical locations is mainly in Hong Kong and the PRC which accounted for 94% (2021: 95%) of the total trade receivables as at 30th September, 2022.

## Other receivables and deposits

The credit risk of other receivables and deposits are managed through an internal process. The credit quality of each counterparty is investigated before an advance is made. The Group also actively monitors the outstanding amounts owed by each debtor and identifies any credit risks in a timely manner in order to reduce the risk of a credit related loss. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model upon application of HKFRS 9 on the outstanding balances.

The credit risk on bank balances is limited because the counterparties are banks with high credit-ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.

## 39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (Continued) (i) Credit Risk and Impairment Assessment (Continued)

The Group's internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

| Internal credit rating  Description  Trade receivables  Other financial  assets  Low risk  The counterparty has a low risk of  default and does not have any  past-due amounts  Lifetime ECL - not  credit-impaired  12m ECL  Doubtful  There have been significant increases  in credit risk since initial recognition  through information developed  internally or external resources  Lifetime ECL - not  credit-impaired  Lifetime ECL - not  credit-impaired  Loss  There is evidence indicating the asset  is credit-impaired  Lifetime ECL -  credit-impaired  Lifetime ECL -  credit-impaired  Write-off  There is evidence indicating that the  debtor is in severe financial difficulty  and the Group has no realistic  prospect of recovery  Amount is written off  Amount is written off   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The table below details the credit risk exposures of the Group's financial assets, which are subject to ECL assessment:

| External  credit  rating  Internal  credit  rating  12m  or lifetime  ECL  Gross carrying amount  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  at amortised cost  Trade receivables  N/A  low risk (note (a))  Lifetime ECL  18,016  27,611  Other receivables  N/A  low risk (note (b))  12m ECL  8,905  216  Deposits  N/A  low risk (note (b))  12m ECL  46,858  80,690  Bank balances  Aa2-A3  N/A  12m ECL  233,673  369,088   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in HKFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. The ECL on trade receivables are assessed individually. The directors of the Company consider the counterparties with good credit worthiness with reference to external credit rating, historical observed default rates over the expected life and adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the estimated loss rates of these counterparties are not significant and the Group assessed that the ECL on these balances are insignificant.
- (b) For the purpose internal credit risk management, the Group uses past due information to assess whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition. As at 30th September, 2022 and 2021, none of the balance is past due. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the estimated loss rates of these counterparties are not significant and the Group assessed that the ECL on these balances is insignificant.

No trade receivables was written off during the year ended 30th September, 2022 (2021: HK$nil).

## 39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (Continued)

## (ii) Market Risks

## Currency Risk

The functional currency of the Company's principal subsidiaries is either HK$ or Renminbi. While most of the Group's operations are transacted in the functional currency of the respective group entities, the Group undertakes certain transactions denominated in foreign currencies. At the end of the reporting period, certain bank balances, trade receivables, other receivables, trade payables and other payables of the Group are denominated in foreign currencies. The Group manages its foreign currency risk by performing regular reviews of the Group's net foreign exchange exposure.

At the end of the reporting period, the carrying amounts of the Group's major monetary assets and monetary liabilities denominated in currency other than the functional currency of the relevant group entities are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Assets  United States Dollar ('US$')  1,014  18,789  Liabilities  US$  838  1,352   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No sensitivity analysis is performed since HK$ is pegged to US$, relevant foreign currency risk is minimal.

## Interest Rate Risk

The Group's exposure to changes in interest rates is mainly attributable to its bank balances and secured mortgage loan. Bank balances and secured mortgage loan at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Details of the Group's bank balances and secured mortgage loan are disclosed in notes 27 and 30, respectively.

The Group currently does not have an interest rate hedging policy. However, management monitors interest rate exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need arises.

The Group's cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of the bank's Hong Kong Dollar Best Lending Rate as set out in the note 30.

## Sensitivity analysis

The following is an analysis of the Group's financial assets and liabilities that carried variable interest rates at the end of the reporting period:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  81,326  47,195  Financial liabilities  3,187  6,594   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As the Group's financial assets that carried variable interest rates are mainly bank deposits and interest rate fluctuation on bank deposit is minimal, the cash flow interest rate risk from financial assets is considered to be insignificant. Accordingly, interest rate fluctuation on these assets is excluded from the sensitivity analysis.

On the basis of the above analysis and assuming the amount of financial liabilities outstanding at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year, the Group's post-tax profit for  the  year  ended 30th September, 2022 would decrease by HK$13,000 (2021: HK$28,000) if interest rates had been 50 basis points higher and all other variables were held constant and vice versa. A 50 basis point increase or decrease is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management personnel and represents management's assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

## 39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (Continued)

## (iii) Liquidity Risk

In the management of its liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group's operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of secured mortgage loan and ensures compliance with relevant covenants.

The directors of the Company are satisfied that the Group will have sufficient financial resources to meet its financial obligations as they fall due for the foreseeable future, after taking into consideration the ability to generate funds internally.

The following table details the Group's remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. As at 30th September, 2021 and 30th September, 2022, the maturity dates for non-derivative financial liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates. The table includes both interest and principal cash flows.

## Liquidity tables

| Carrying  On  Total  amounts  Weighted  demand or  Between  Between  More  undiscounted  as at 30th  average  within  1 and 2  2 and 5  than 5  cash  September,  interest rate  1 year  years  years  years  flows  2022  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  Trade payables  -  2,103  -  -  -  2,103  2,103  Other payables  -  13,744  -  -  -  13,744  13,744  Lease liabilities  5.21  108,198  84,592  104,015  4,453  301,258  286,335  Secured mortgage loan  2.275  3,223  -  -  -  3,223  3,187  127,268  84,592  104,015  4,453  320,328  305,369  Carrying  On  Total  amounts  Weighted  demand or  Between  Between  More  undiscounted  as at 30th  average  within  1 and 2  2 and 5  than 5  cash  September,  interest rate  1 year  years  years  years  flows  2021  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2021  Trade payables  -  3,907  -  -  -  3,907  3,907  Other payables  -  29,014  -  -  -  29,014  29,014  Lease liabilities  3.34  107,458  65,274  55,855  9,076  237,663  229,991  Secured mortgage loan  2.15  3,515  3,221  -  -  6,736  6,594  143,894  68,495  55,855  9,076  277,320  269,506   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Fair Value

The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis.

The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate to their fair values.

## 40. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES

Details of the Company's subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

| Particulars of  issued and  Country/place  fully paid up  Percentage of  Principal activities  and date of  share capital/  attributable  and place of  Name  incorporation  registered capital  equity interest  operation  DIRECTLY HELD:  Water Oasis Group (BVI) Limited  British Virgin Islands  16th December, 1999  Ordinary shares  US$30,000  100%  Investment holding  in Hong Kong  INDIRECTLY HELD:  Water Oasis Holdings Limited  British Virgin Islands  16th December, 1999  Ordinary share  US$1  100%  Investment holding  in Hong Kong  Oasis Spa Holdings Limited  British Virgin Islands  16th December, 1999  Ordinary share  US$1  100%  Investment holding  in Hong Kong  Oasis-Beauty.com Holdings  Limited  British Virgin Islands  16th December, 1999  Ordinary share  US$1  100%  Investment holding  in Hong Kong  Water Oasis China (BVI) Limited  British Virgin Islands  12th October, 2000  Ordinary share  US$1  100%  Investment holding  in Hong Kong  OBS Company Limited  Hong Kong  26th July, 2000  Ordinary shares  HK$2  100%  Property holding  in Hong Kong  Water Oasis Company Limited  Hong Kong  6th May, 1998  Non-voting  deferred shares  HK$1,000,000  Ordinary shares  HK$10,000  100%  Retail sales of skincare  products in Hong Kong  Oasis Spa Company Limited  Hong Kong  24th December, 1999  Ordinary shares  HK$1,000,000  100%  Operation of spa  and provision of  beauty services  in Hong Kong  Oasis Techno-Beauty Company  Limited  Hong Kong  24th December, 1999  Ordinary shares  HK$10,000  100%  Online sales of  skincare products  and provision of  other service in  Hong Kong  Water Oasis (China) Holdings  Limited  (note b)  Samoa  5th April, 2000  Ordinary shares  US$101  100%  Investment holding  in Hong Kong  Claire International Limited  Hong Kong  22nd October, 1999  Ordinary shares  HK$2  100%  Property holding  in Hong Kong   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 40. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

| Particulars of  issued and  Country/place  fully paid up  Percentage of  Principal activities  and date of  share capital/  attributable  and place of  Name  incorporation  registered capital  equity interest  operation  INDIRECTLY HELD:  (Continued)  Oasis Florist Company Limited  Hong Kong  18th October, 2000  Ordinary shares  HK$2  100%  Operation of an  online florist shop  in Hong Kong  Water Oasis (Macau) Company  Limited  Macau  19th July, 2001  Ordinary shares  MOP$25,000  100%  Operation of beauty  services and  sales of skincare  products in Macau  Oasis Beauty Company Limited  Hong Kong  13th March, 2002  Ordinary shares  HK$1,000,000  100%  Operation of beauty  salons and sales of  skincare products  in Hong Kong  Aricon Investments Limited  British Virgin Islands  8th March, 2002  Ordinary share  US$1  100%  Inactive  Master Advance Limited  Hong Kong  28th June, 2002  Ordinary shares  HK$1,000,000  100%  Property holding  in Hong Kong  奧思美容品 （上海） 有限公司  (notes a and b)  The PRC  9th February, 2002  US$200,000  100%  Inactive  奧泉 （上海） 商貿有限公司  (note a)  The PRC  9th March, 2006  US$200,000  100%  Retail sales of skincare  products and operating  of beauty salons  in the PRC  Top Distinct Limited  Hong Kong  26th January, 2006  Ordinary shares  HK$2,000,000  100%  Operation of beauty  salons in Hong Kong  Oasis Medical Clinic  Company Limited  Hong Kong  6th November, 2007  Ordinary share  HK$1  100%  Operation of beauty  salons and provision of  other related services  in Hong Kong  WO North China Company Limited  Hong Kong  24th June, 2008  Ordinary shares  HK$100,000  100%  Investment holding  in the PRC  WO Central China Company Limited  Hong Kong  24th June, 2008  Ordinary shares  HK$100,000  100%  Investment holding  in the PRC  WO South China Company Limited  Hong Kong  24th June, 2008  Ordinary shares  HK$100,000  100%  Investment holding  in the PRC  Oasis Cosmetic Holdings Company  Limited  Hong Kong  17th June, 2008  Ordinary share  HK$1  100%  Investment holding  in the PRC   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 40. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

| Particulars of  issued and  Country/place  fully paid up  Percentage of  Principal activities  and date of  share capital/  attributable  and place of  Name  incorporation  registered capital  equity interest  operation  INDIRECTLY HELD:  (Continued)  伊蒲雪化妝品商貿 （上海） 有限公司  (note a)  The PRC  5th February, 2009  US$500,000  100%  Inactive  伊亮諾化妝品商貿 （上海） 有限公司  (note a)  The PRC  5th February, 2009  US$500,000  100%  Inactive  伊翠露化妝品商貿 （上海） 有限公司  (note a)  The PRC  5th February, 2009  US$500,000  100%  Inactive  Water Oasis E.L. (HK) Company  Limited  Hong Kong  19th March, 2009  Ordinary shares  HK$1,000,000  100%  Retail sales of  skincare products  in Hong Kong  上海奧薇化妝品商貿有限公司  (note a)  The PRC  22nd April, 2009  US$1,400,000  100%  Inactive  Water Oasis Shanghai Holdings  Limited  (note b)  Hong Kong  9th September, 2009  Ordinary share  HK$1  100%  Inactive  Glycel Holdings Company Limited  British Virgin Islands  20th April, 2010  Ordinary share  US$1  100%  Investment holding  in Hong Kong  Progress Success Limited  British Virgin Islands  16th March, 2010  Ordinary share  US$1  100%  Investment holding  in Hong Kong  Laboratoire Glycel Societe Anonyme  Liechtenstein  10th September, 1997  Normal shares  CHF50,000  100%  Holding of  trademarks  Glycel Laboratoire SA  Switzerland  18th November, 2005  Normal shares  CHF100,000  100%  Holding of  trademarks  Glycel Company Limited  Hong Kong  19th February, 2010  Ordinary shares  HK$1,000,000  100%  Retail sales of  skincare products and  operating of beauty  salons in Hong Kong  Oasis Beauty (Macau) Company  Limited  Macau  18th July, 2013  Ordinary shares  MOP$100,000  100%  Inactive  Fancy Cheer Limited  Hong Kong  5th January, 2015  Ordinary shares  HK$10,000  70%  Production and sales of  cold-pressed fruit juice  and healing tea  in Hong Kong  Oasis Billion Limited  Hong Kong  22nd August, 2019  Ordinary share  HK$1  70%  Provision of dental  services in Hong Kong  Aesmedic Centre Limited  Hong Kong  25th July, 2006  Ordinary shares  HK$100  100%  Provision of medical  beauty services in  Hong Kong   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 40. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

| Particulars of  issued and  Country/place  fully paid up  Percentage of  Principal activities  and date of  share capital/  attributable  and place of  Name  incorporation  registered capital  equity interest  operation  INDIRECTLY HELD:  (Continued)  Aesmedic Clinic Limited  Hong Kong  3rd July, 2015  Ordinary shares  HK$10,000  100%  Provision of medical  and aesthetic services  in Hong Kong  Billion Trend Creation Limited  Hong Kong  6th August, 2009  Ordinary shares  HK$100  100%  Investment holding  in Hong Kong  Frederique Academy of Phplus Limited  Hong Kong  30th March, 2006  Ordinary shares  HK$100  100%  Operation of beauty  school in Hong Kong  Frederique Limited  Hong Kong  24th July, 2015  Ordinary shares  HK$100  100%  Sales of skincare  products in Hong Kong  Haba Hong Kong Limited  Hong Kong  6th September, 2007  Ordinary shares  HK$1  100%  Sales of skincare  products in Hong Kong  Hongkong Billion Sky Enterprise Limited  Hong Kong  6th September, 2007  Ordinary shares  HK$1  100%  Operation of beauty  salons in Hong Kong  Kong Hong Clinic and Ambulatory  Medical Centre Limited  Hong Kong  6th October, 2008  Ordinary shares  HK$1  100%  Inactive  Medic i-Laser Limited  Hong Kong  30th March, 2006  Ordinary shares  HK$100  100%  Provision of aesthetic  services in Hong Kong  Millistrong China Limited  Hong Kong  11th December, 2008  Ordinary shares  HK$100  100%  Investment holding  in Hong Kong  Millistrong Holdings Limited  Hong Kong  30th September, 2008  Ordinary shares  HK$100  100%  Investment holding  in Hong Kong  Millistrong International Limited  Hong Kong  16th July, 2003  Ordinary shares  HK$100  100%  Operation of beauty  salons in Hong Kong  Philosophy Treatment Spa Limited  Hong Kong  30th March, 2006  Ordinary shares  HK$100  100%  Investment holding  in Hong Kong  Phplus Limited  Hong Kong  1st January, 2018  Ordinary shares  HK$1  100%  Management company  in Hong Kong  蔓時哲貿易  (  上海  )  有限公司  (note a)  The PRC  23rd April, 2008  US$750,000  100%  Sales of skincare  products in the PRC   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities during the year.

Note a: These companies are wholly foreign owned enterprises.

Note b: The Group acquired the remaining 9.9% equity interest of Water Oasis (China) Holdings Limited on 20th January, 2022, which holds 100% equity interest of 奧思美容品 （上海） 有限公司 and Water Oasis Shanghai Holdings Limited.

## 41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION

Compensation of Key Management Personnel

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Directors' fees  768  750  Basic salaries  7,421  7,241  Bonuses  14,618  2,220  Retirement benefit costs  18  22  22,825  10,233   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The related party transaction disclosed above was a fully exempted connected transaction under the Chapter 14A of Listing Rules because it was qualified for de minimis transaction.

## 42. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

| AS AT 30TH SEPTEMBER,  2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current asset  Investment in a subsidiary  3,000  3,000  Current assets  Prepayments  183  247  Amounts due from subsidiaries  a  494,693  390,398  Bank balances  1,114  1,875  495,990  392,520  Current liabilities  Accruals and other payables  1,178  434  Amount due to a subsidiary  a  319,871  188,854  321,049  189,288  Net current assets  174,941  203,232  Total assets less current liabilities  177,941  206,232  Capital and reserves  Share capital  68,055  68,055  Reserves  b  109,886  138,177  Total equity  177,941  206,232   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 42. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

Notes:

(a) The amount(s) due from subsidiaries and due to a subsidiary are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

(b) Reserves

| Capital  Share  redemption  Retained  premium  reserve  profits  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1st October, 2020  1,153  450  9,989  11,592  Profit and total comprehensive income for  the year  -  -  164,015  164,015  2021 interim dividend paid  -  -  (37,430)  (37,430)  At 30th September, 2021  1,153  450  136,574  138,177  Profit and total comprehensive  income for the year  -  -  84,000  84,000  2021 final dividend paid  -  -  (112,291)  (112,291)  At 30th September, 2022  1,153  450  108,283  109,886   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 43. SHARE OPTIONS

On 24th February, 2012, the Company adopted a new share option scheme (the 'Share Option Scheme'), which replaced an old share option scheme that expired on 22nd January, 2012. The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide participants with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company and to encourage participants to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and its shares for the benefit of the Company and its shareholders as a whole. Pursuant to the Share Option Scheme, the Board may, on or before 23rd February, 2022, at its discretion, offer to grant share options at an option price of HK$1.00 to any executives and full-time employees, part-time employees with weekly working hours of 10 hours and above, executive or non-executive directors of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any advisors (professional or otherwise), consultants, distributors, suppliers, agents, customers, partners, joint venture partners, promoters and service providers to subscribe for shares of the Company, representing (when aggregated with share options granted under any other scheme) initially not more than 10% of the shares in issue as at 24th February, 2012 which is 76,395,276 shares, on which the Share Option Scheme was conditionally adopted pursuant to the resolution of the shareholders of the Company in general meeting held on that date. The subscription price shall be the highest of (i) the closing price of the shares of the Company as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheets on the date of the grant of options; (ii) the average closing price of the shares of the Company as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of the grant of share options; and (iii) the nominal value of the shares. The Board may in its absolute discretion determine the period, saved that such period shall not be more than 10 years commencing on the date of the grant of option, and the minimum period for which a share option must be held before it can be exercised. The maximum aggregate number of shares issued and to be issued on the exercise of share options and in respect of which share options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme must not exceed 30% of the total number of shares in issue from time to time.

## 43. SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)

The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing on the adoption date i.e. 24th February, 2012. The total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the share options granted to each participant except for independent non-executive directors and substantial shareholders of the Company (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) within any twelve-month period under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme(s) of the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries must not exceed 1% of the number of shares in issue.

Any grant of share options to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or any of their respective associates, would result in the shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all share options already granted and to be granted (including share options exercised, cancelled or outstanding) to such person in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant: (i) representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the number of shares in issue on the date of such grant; and (ii) having an aggregate value, based on the closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheets on each relevant date on which the grant of such options is made to (and subject to acceptance by) such person under the relevant scheme, in excess of HK$5 million, such further grant of share options shall be subject to prior approval by resolution of the shareholders of the Company (voting by way of poll).

An offer shall remain open for acceptance by the participant concerned for 14 days from the date of grant. A consideration of HK$1.00 is payable on acceptance of the offer of the grant of share option.

The Share Option Scheme expired on 23rd February, 2022. No share option under the Share Option Scheme was granted, cancelled, exercised or lapsed during the year ended 30th September, 2022 nor outstanding as at 30th September, 2022. As at the date of this report, there was nil share available for issue under the Share Option Scheme, which representing nil% of the existing issued share capital of the Company.

## 44. EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

There is no significant subsequent event after the reporting period.

## Five-Year Financial Summary

| Year ended 30th September,  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  RESULTS  Revenue  841,936  829,935  531,374  763,981  708,360  Profit before taxation  93,638  209,841  36,586  130,607  115,601  Taxation  (26,782)  (39,803)  (9,126)  (23,248)  (20,490)  Profit for the year  66,856  170,038  27,460  107,359  95,111  Profit (loss) for the year  attributable to:  Owners of the Company  67,432  170,340  27,736  107,690  95,238  Non-controlling interests  (576)  (302)  (276)  (331)  (127)  66,856  170,038  27,460  107,359  95,111  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL  POSITION  Total assets  1,261,160  1,358,216  1,194,589  973,548  939,248  Total liabilities  (959,182)  (999,451)  (971,480)  (688,515)  (650,507)  301,978  358,765  223,109  285,033  288,741  Equity attributable to  Owners of the Company  301,107  352,421  216,438  278,072  281,707  Non-controlling interests  871  6,344  6,671  6,961  7,034  301,978  358,765  223,109  285,033  288,741   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate Information

## DIRECTORS

Executive Directors

Yu Kam Shui, Erastus Tam Siu Kei (Chief Executive Officer) Yu Lai Chu, Eileen Lai Yin Ping

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Wong Lung Tak, Patrick, B.B.S., J.P. Wong Chun Nam, Duffy, B.B.S., J.P. Wong Chi Keung Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire, S.B.S., B.B.S., J.P.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Wong Lung Tak, Patrick, B.B.S., J.P. (Chairman) Wong Chun Nam, Duffy, B.B.S., J.P. Wong Chi Keung

Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire, S.B.S., B.B.S., J.P.

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Wong Chun Nam, Duffy, B.B.S., J.P. (Chairman) Wong Lung Tak, Patrick, B.B.S., J.P. Wong Chi Keung

Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire, S.B.S., B.B.S., J.P.

## INVESTMENT ADVISORY COMMITTEE

Wong Chi Keung (Chairman) Wong Lung Tak, Patrick, B.B.S., J.P. Wong Chun Nam, Duffy, B.B.S., J.P. Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire, S.B.S., B.B.S., J.P. Yu Kam Shui, Erastus

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Wong Chi Keung (Chairman) Wong Lung Tak, Patrick, B.B.S., J.P. Wong Chun Nam, Duffy, B.B.S., J.P. Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire, S.B.S., B.B.S., J.P.

## DISCLOSURE COMMITTEE

Yu Kam Shui, Erastus (Chairman) Wong Lung Tak, Patrick, B.B.S., J.P. Wong Chun Nam, Duffy, B.B.S., J.P. Wong Chi Keung Chan Chi Kau, Johnnie Casire, S.B.S., B.B.S., J.P.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Lee Pui Shan

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

BDO Limited

## LEGAL ADVISORS

Deacons Reed Smith Richards Butler

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited Hang Seng Bank Limited

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Suntera (Cayman) Limited Suite 3204, Unit 2A, Block 3, Building D P.O. Box 1586, Gardenia Court Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1100 Cayman Islands

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Tricor Standard Limited 17th Floor, Far East Finance Centre 16 Harcourt Road Hong Kong

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Cricket Square Hutchins Drive P.O. Box 2681 Grand Cayman KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

18th Floor, World Trade Centre 280 Gloucester Road Causeway Bay Hong Kong

## STOCK CODE

1161

## WEBSITE

www.wateroasis.com.hk

<!-- image -->