<!-- image -->

stocklight.com  &gt; Stocks  &gt; United States

Yum! Brands  &gt; Annual Reports  &gt; 2022 Annual Report

<!-- image -->

## Yum! Brands Annual Report 2022

Form 10-K (NYSE:YUM)

Published: February 23rd, 2022

Brought to you by

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Yum! Brands (YUM) Historical Annual Reports 2002-2024

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Year  Report  Size  2024  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 20th, 2024  868kb  2023  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 27th, 2023  889kb  2021  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 22nd, 2021  180kb  2020  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 20th, 2020  193kb  2019  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 21st, 2019  217kb  2018  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 22nd, 2018  218kb  2017  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 22nd, 2017  190kb  2016  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 16th, 2016  1.3mb  2015  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 17th, 2015  182kb  2014  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 18th, 2014  183kb  2013  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 20th, 2013  177kb  2012  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 21st, 2012  176kb  2011  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 15th, 2011  114kb  2010  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 17th, 2010  114kb  2009  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 23rd, 2009  115kb  2008  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 25th, 2008  115kb  2007  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 28th, 2007  187kb  2006  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Apr 3rd, 2006  143kb  2006  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 3rd, 2006  703kb  2005  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 28th, 2005  626kb  2004  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 5th, 2004  601kb  2003  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 11th, 2003  680kb  2002  Yum! Brands (YUM) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 11th, 2002  528kb   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D. C. 20549

## FORM 10-K

☒

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES

EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the fiscal year ended

December 31, 2021

OR

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Commission file number 1-13163

## YUM! BRANDS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

North Carolina

13-3951308

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

1441 Gardiner Lane,

Louisville,

Kentucky

40213

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:

(502)  874-8300

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class

Trading Symbol(s) YUM

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common Stock, no par value

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   Yes

☒

No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes

☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T

during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of 'large accelerated filer', 'accelerated filer', 'smaller reporting company', and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

☒ ☐

Large Accelerated Filer ☒

Accelerated Filer ☐

Non-accelerated Filer ☐

Smaller Reporting Company ☐

Emerging Growth Company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised

financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit

report. ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes

☐ No ☒

The aggregate market value of the voting stock (which consists solely of shares of Common Stock) held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2021, computed by reference to the closing price of the registrant's Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape on such date was approximately $34.0 billion. All executive officers and directors of the registrant have been deemed, solely for the purpose of the foregoing calculation, to be 'affiliates' of the registrant. The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's Common Stock as of February 15, 2022, was 288,980,982 shares.

## Documents Incorporated by Reference

Portions of the definitive proxy statement furnished to shareholders of the registrant in connection with the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on May 19, 2022, are incorporated by reference into Part III.

## Forward-Looking Statements

In this Form 10-K, as well as in other written reports and oral statements, we present 'forward-looking statements' within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  We intend all forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and we are including this statement for purposes of complying with those safe harbor provisions.

Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and by the use of forward-looking words  such  as  'expect,'  'expectation,'  'believe,'  'anticipate,'  'may,'  'could,'  'intend,'  'belief,'  'plan,'  'estimate,'  'target,'  'predict,'  'likely,'  'seek,' 'project,'  'model,'  'ongoing,'  'will,'  'should,'  'forecast,'  'outlook'  or  similar  terminology.  Forward-looking  statements  are  based  on  our  current expectations,  estimates,  assumptions  and/or  projections,  our  perception  of  historical  trends  and  current  conditions,  as  well  as  other  factors  that  we believe are appropriate and reasonable under the circumstances. Forward-looking statements are neither predictions nor guarantees of future events, circumstances or performance and are inherently subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that our expectations, estimates, assumptions and/or projections will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from our expectations, estimates, assumptions, projections and/or forward-looking statements include (i) the risks and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K and (ii) the factors described in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 of  this  Form  10-K. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. The forwardlooking statements included in this Form 10-K are only made as of the date of this Form 10-K and we disclaim any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.

## Item 1. Business.

Yum! Brands, Inc. (referred to herein as 'YUM', the 'Registrant' or the 'Company'), was incorporated under the laws of the state of North Carolina in 1997. The principal executive offices of YUM are located at 1441 Gardiner Lane, Louisville, Kentucky 40213, and the telephone number at that location is (502) 874-8300. Our website address is https://www.yum.com.

YUM, together with its subsidiaries, is referred to in this Form 10-K annual report ('Form 10-K') as the Company. The terms 'we,' 'us' and 'our' are also used in the Form 10-K to refer to the Company. Throughout this Form 10-K, the terms 'restaurants,' 'stores' and 'units' are used interchangeably. While YUM does not  directly  own  or  operate  any  restaurants,  throughout  this  document  we  may  refer  to  restaurants  that  are  owned  or  operated  by  our subsidiaries as being Company-owned.

## Overview of Business

YUM has over 53,000 restaurants in 157 countries and territories primarily operating under the four concepts of KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and The Habit Burger Grill (the 'Concepts'). The Company's KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut brands are global leaders of the chicken, Mexican-style food and pizza categories, respectively. The Habit Burger Grill, a concept we acquired in March 2020, is a fast-casual restaurant concept specializing in made-to-order chargrilled burgers, sandwiches and more. At December 31, 2021, 98% of our Concepts' units are operated by independent franchisees or licensees under the terms of franchise or license agreements. The terms franchise or franchisee within this Form 10-K are meant to describe third parties that operate units under either franchise or license agreements.

The following is a summary of our Concepts' operations and a brief description of each Concept as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021:

| Number of Units  % of Units  International  Number of  Countries and  Territories  % Franchised  System Sales  (in Millions)  KFC Division  26,934  85  %  149  99  % $  31,365  Taco Bell Division  7,791  10  %  32  94  %  13,280  Pizza Hut Division  18,381  64  %  111  99  %  12,955  Habit Burger Grill Division  318  3  %  3  13  %  588  YUM  53,424  67  %  157  98  % $  58,188  (a)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)    Constitutes sales of all restaurants, both Company-owned and franchised. See further discussion of this performance metric within Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K.

## KFC

KFC was founded in Corbin, Kentucky, by Colonel Harland D. Sanders, an early developer of the quick service food business and a pioneer of the restaurant franchise concept. The Colonel perfected his secret blend of 11 herbs and spices for Kentucky Fried Chicken in 1939 and signed up his first franchisee in 1952. KFC restaurants across the world offer fried and non-fried chicken products such as sandwiches, chicken strips, chicken-on-the-bone and other chicken products marketed under a variety of names.

## Taco Bell

The first Taco Bell restaurant was opened in 1962 by Glen Bell in Downey, California, and in 1964, the first Taco Bell franchise was sold. Taco Bell specializes in Mexican-style food products, including various types of tacos, burritos, quesadillas, salads, nachos and other related items.

## Pizza Hut

The first Pizza Hut restaurant was opened in 1958 in Wichita, Kansas, and within a year, the first franchise unit was opened. Today, Pizza Hut is the largest restaurant chain in the world specializing in the sale of ready-to-eat pizza products. Pizza Hut operates in the delivery, carryout and casual dining segments around the world.

## PART I

## Habit Burger Grill

The first Habit Burger Grill restaurant opened in 1969 in Santa Barbara, California. The Habit Burger Grill restaurant concept is built around a distinctive and diverse menu that includes chargrilled burgers and sandwiches made-to-order over an open flame and topped with fresh ingredients.

## Business Strategy

Through our Recipe for Growth and Good we intend to unlock the growth potential of our Concepts and YUM, drive increased collaboration across our Concepts and geographies and consistently deliver better customer experiences, improved unit economics and higher rates of growth. Key enablers include accelerated use of technology and better leverage of our systemwide scale.

Our Recipe for Growth is based on four key drivers:

- Unrivaled Culture and Talent: Leverage our culture and people capability to fuel brand performance and franchise success
- Unmatched Operating Capability: Recruit and equip the best restaurant operators in the world to deliver great customer experiences
- Relevant, Easy and Distinctive Brands: Innovate and elevate iconic restaurant brands people trust and champion
- Bold Restaurant Development: Drive market and franchise expansion with strong economics and value

Our global citizenship and sustainability strategy, called the Recipe for Good, reflects our priorities for socially responsible growth, risk management and sustainable stewardship of our people, food and planet.

## Information about Operating Segments

As of December 31, 2021, YUM consists of four operating segments:

- The KFC Division which includes our worldwide operations of the KFC concept
- The Taco Bell Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Taco Bell concept
- The Pizza Hut Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Pizza Hut concept
- The Habit Burger Grill Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Habit Burger Grill concept

## Franchise Agreements

The franchise programs of the Company are designed to promote consistency and quality, and the Company is selective in granting franchises. The Company is focused on partnering with franchisees who have the commitment, capability and capitalization to grow our Concepts. Franchisees can range  in  size  from  individuals  owning  just  one  restaurant  to  large  publicly-traded  companies.  The  Company  has  franchise  relationships  that  are particularly important to our business, such as our relationships with Yum China (defined below), and our strategic alliance with Food Delivery Brands Group, S.A. (previously named Telepizza Group S.A.), who is the master franchisee of Pizza Hut in Latin America (excluding Brazil) as well as portions of Europe and our relationships with certain other large franchisees.

The Company has successfully increased franchise restaurant ownership in recent years, and currently has approximately 1,500 franchisees with whom we have franchise contracts. The Company utilizes both store-level franchise and master franchise programs to grow our businesses. Of our over 52,000 franchised units at December 31, 2021, approximately 30% operate under our master franchise programs, including nearly 10,800 units in mainland China. The remainder of our franchise units operate under store-level franchise agreements. Under both types of franchise programs, franchisees supply capital by purchasing or leasing the land, building, equipment, signs, seating, inventories and supplies and, over the longer term, by reinvesting in the business. In certain historical refranchising transactions the Company may have retained ownership of land and building and continues to lease them to the franchisee. Store-level franchise agreements typically require payment to the Company of certain upfront fees such as initial fees paid upon opening of a store, fees paid to renew the term of the franchise agreement and fees paid in the event the franchise agreement is transferred to another franchisee. Franchisees also pay monthly continuing fees based on a percentage of their restaurants' sales (typically between 4% to 6%) and are required to spend a certain  amount  to  advertise  and  promote  the  brand.  Under  master  franchise  arrangements,  the  Company  enters  into  agreements  that  allow  master franchisees to operate restaurants as well as sub-franchise restaurants within certain geographic territories. Master franchisees are typically responsible for overseeing development within their territories and performing certain other administrative duties with regard to the oversight of sub-franchisees. In exchange, master franchisees retain a certain percentage of fees payable by the sub-franchisees under their franchise agreements and typically pay lower fees for the restaurants they operate.

On October 31, 2016, we completed the spin-off of our China business into an independent, publicly-traded company under the name of Yum China Holdings, Inc. ('Yum China'). As our largest master franchisee, Yum China, pays the Company a continuing fee of 3% on system sales of our Concepts in mainland China. The use by Yum China of certain of our material trademarks and service marks is governed by a master license agreement between Yum Restaurants Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited ('YCCL'), a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Yum China, and YUM, through YRI China Franchising LLC, a subsidiary of YUM.

The Company seeks to maintain strong and open relationships  with  our  franchisees  and  their  representatives.  To  this  end,  the  Company  invests  a significant  amount  of  time  working  with  the  franchisee  community  and  their  representative  organizations  on  key  aspects  of  the  business,  including products, equipment, operational improvements and standards.

## Restaurant Operations

Through its Concepts, YUM develops, operates and franchises a worldwide system of both traditional and non-traditional Quick Service Restaurants ('QSR'). Traditional  units  can  feature  dine-in,  carryout,  drive-thru  and  delivery  services.  Non-traditional  units  include  express  units  that  have  a  more limited menu, usually generate lower sales volumes and operate in non-traditional locations like malls, airports, gasoline service stations, train stations, subways, convenience stores, stadiums, amusement parks and colleges, where a full-scale traditional outlet would not be practical or efficient.

Most restaurants in each Concept offer consumers the ability to dine in, carryout food and/or have the Concepts' food delivered either through store-level or third-party delivery services. In addition, Taco Bell and KFC offer a drive-thru option in many stores. Pizza Hut and Habit Burger Grill offer a drive-thru option on a much more limited basis.

Restaurant management structure varies by Concept and unit size.  Generally, each restaurant is led by a restaurant general manager ('RGM'), together with  one  or  more  assistant  managers,  depending  on  the  operating  complexity  and  sales  volume  of  the  restaurant.    Each  Concept  issues  detailed manuals, which may then be customized to meet local regulations and customs. These manuals set forth standards and requirements for all aspects of restaurant operations, including food safety and quality, food handling and product preparation procedures, equipment maintenance, facility standards and  accounting  control  procedures.    The  restaurant  management  teams  are  responsible  for  the  day-to-day  operation  of  each  unit  and  for  ensuring compliance  with  operating  standards.  CHAMPS  -  which  stands  for  Cleanliness,  Hospitality,  Accuracy,  Maintenance,  Product  Quality  and  Speed  of Service -is our proprietary systemwide program for training, measuring and rewarding employee performance against key customer measures.    CHAMPS is  intended  to  align  the  operating  processes  of  our  entire  system  around  one  core  set  of  standards.  RGMs'  efforts,  including CHAMPS performance measures, are monitored by Area Coaches, where sufficient scale allows.  Area Coaches typically work with approximately six to twelve restaurants.

Our restaurant operations and results were significantly impacted by a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, beginning in 2020 and continuing into 2021. As COVID-19 spread throughout the U.S. and the rest of the world, governmental authorities implemented measures to reduce the spread of COVID-19.  These  measures  include  restrictions  on  travel  outside  the  home  and  have  other  limitations  on  business  and  other  activities  as  well  as encouraging social distancing. As a result of COVID-19, we and our franchisees have experienced significant store closures and instances of reduced store-level operations, including reduced operating hours and dining-room closures. We and our franchisees have also experienced interruptions of food and other supplies as well as labor shortages that have impacted restaurant operations.

The impact on our sales in each of our markets has been dependent on the timing, severity and duration of the outbreak, measures implemented by government authorities  to  reduce  the  spread  of  COVID-19,  as  well  as  our  reliance  on  dine-in  sales  in  the  market. In  response,  we  accelerated  our deployment of digital and technology initiatives to enhance the customer experience and our off-premise capabilities. This included increasing our focus on  driving  digital  sales  where  customers  utilize  ordering  interaction  that  is  primarily  facilitated  by  automated  technology. For  our  restaurants  that prominently feature drive-thru, carryout and delivery options, COVID-19 has in many cases contributed to an increase in sales during 2020 and 2021. In 2021, our system restaurants generated digital sales of $22 billion, which represented an approximate 25% increase over 2020. Additionally, the number of restaurants that now offer delivery increased to over 45,000 restaurants, which represents over 85% of our global system, more than a 25% increase over 2020.

## Supply and Distribution

The Company and franchisees of the Concepts are substantial purchasers of a number of food and paper products, equipment and other restaurant supplies. The principal items purchased include chicken, cheese, beef and pork products, paper and packaging materials. Prices paid for these supplies fluctuate.  When prices increase, the Concepts may attempt to pass on such increases to their customers, although there is no assurance that this can be done  in  practice. The Company does not typically experience significant continuous shortages of supplies, and alternative sources for most of these supplies are generally available.

In the U.S., the Company, along with the representatives of the Company's KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut franchisee groups, are members of Restaurant Supply Chain Solutions, LLC ('RSCS'), a third party which is responsible for purchasing certain restaurant products and equipment.  Additionally, The Habit Burger Grill entered into a purchasing agreement with RSCS effective July 31, 2020. The core mission of RSCS is to provide the lowest possible sustainable store-delivered prices for restaurant products and equipment.  This arrangement combines the purchasing power of the Company-owned and franchisee restaurants, which the Company believes leverages the system's scale to drive cost savings and effectiveness in the purchasing function.  The Company also believes that RSCS fosters closer alignment of interests and a stronger relationship with our franchisee community.

Most food products, paper and packaging supplies, and equipment used in restaurant operations are distributed to individual restaurant units by thirdparty  distribution  companies.    In  the  U.S.,  McLane  Foodservice,  Inc.  is  the  exclusive  distributor  for  the  majority  of  items  used  in  Company-owned restaurants and for a substantial number of franchisee restaurants.  Outside the U.S., we and our Concepts' franchisees primarily use decentralized sourcing and distribution systems involving many different global, regional and local suppliers and distributors.  Our international franchisees generally select and manage their own third-party suppliers and distributors, subject to our internal standards. All suppliers and distributors are expected to provide products and/or services that comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in the state and/or country in which they operate as well as comply with our internal standards.

## Advertising and Promotional Programs

Company-owned and franchise restaurants are required to spend a percentage of their respective restaurants' sales on advertising programs with the goal of increasing sales and enhancing the reputation of the Concepts. Advertising may be conducted nationally, regionally and locally.  When  multiple franchisees operate in the same country or region, the national and regional advertising spending is typically conducted by a cooperative to which the franchisees and Company-owned restaurants, if any, contribute funds as a percentage of restaurants' sales. The contributions are primarily used to pay for expenses relating to purchasing media for advertising, market research, commercial production, talent payments and other support functions for the respective  Concepts.  We  have  the  right  to  control  the  advertising  activities  of  certain  advertising  cooperatives,  typically  in  markets  where  we  have Company-owned restaurants, through our majority voting rights.

## Trademarks and Patents

The Company and its Concepts own numerous registered trademarks and service marks.  The Company believes that many of these marks, including our Kentucky Fried Chicken®, KFC®, Taco Bell®, Pizza Hut® and The Habit® marks, have significant value and material importance to our business.  The Company's policy is to pursue registration of important marks whenever feasible and to oppose vigorously any infringement of our marks.

The  use  of  certain  of  these  marks  by  franchisees  has  been  authorized  in  our  franchise  agreements.    Under  current  law  and  with  proper  use,  the Company's rights in our marks can generally last indefinitely.  The Company also has certain patents on restaurant equipment which, while valuable, are not currently considered material to our business.

## Working Capital

Information about the Company's working capital is included in MD&amp;A in Part II, Item 7 and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in Part II, Item 8.

## Seasonal Operations

The Company does not consider its operations to be seasonal to any material degree.

## Competition

The retail  food  industry,  in  which  our  Concepts  compete,  is  made  up  of  supermarkets,  supercenters,  warehouse  stores,  convenience  stores,  coffee shops, snack bars, delicatessens and restaurants (including those in the QSR segment), and is intensely competitive with respect to price and quality of food  products,  new  product  development,  digital  engagement,  advertising  levels  and  promotional  initiatives,  customer  service  reputation,  restaurant location and attractiveness and maintenance of properties. Competition has also increased from and been enabled by delivery aggregators and other food delivery services in recent years, particularly in urbanized areas, which trend has accelerated following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our Concepts also face competition as a result of convergence in grocery, convenience, deli and restaurant services, including the offering by the grocery industry of convenient meals, including pizzas and entrees with side dishes. The retail food industry is often affected by: changes in consumer tastes; national, regional or local economic conditions; currency fluctuations; demographic trends; traffic patterns; the type, number and location of competing food retailers and products; and disposable purchasing power.  Within the retail food industry, each of our Concepts competes with international, national and regional chains as well as locally-owned establishments, not only for customers, but also for management and hourly personnel, suitable real estate sites and qualified franchisees.  Given the various types and vast number of competitors, our Concepts do not constitute a significant portion of the retail food industry in terms of number of system units or system sales, either on a worldwide or individual country basis.

## Environmental Matters

The Company is not aware of any federal, state or local environmental laws or regulations that will materially affect our earnings or competitive position, or  result  in  material  capital  expenditures.    However,  the  Company  cannot  predict  the  effect  on  our  operations  due  to  possible  future  environmental legislation or regulations.  During 2021, there were no material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities and no such material expenditures are anticipated.

## Government Regulation

U.S. Operations. The Company and its U.S. operations, as well as our franchisees, are subject to various federal, state and local laws affecting our business, including laws and regulations concerning information security, privacy, labor and employment, health, marketing, food labeling, competition, public  accommodation,  sanitation  and  safety.    Each  of  our  and  our  Concepts'  franchisees'  restaurants  in  the  U.S.  must  comply  with  licensing requirements and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental authorities, which include health, sanitation, safety, fire and zoning agencies in the state and/or municipality in which the restaurant is located.  In addition, each Concept must comply with various state and federal laws that regulate the franchisor/franchisee relationship.  To date, the Company has not been materially adversely affected by such licensing requirements and regulations or by any difficulty, delay or failure to obtain required licenses or approvals.

International Operations .  Our and our Concepts' franchisees' restaurants outside the U.S. are subject to national and local laws and regulations which have similarities to those affecting U.S. restaurants but may differ among jurisdictions.  The restaurants outside the U.S. are also subject to tariffs and regulations on imported commodities and equipment, laws regulating foreign investment and anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws.

See Item 1A 'Risk Factors' of this Form 10-K for a discussion of risks relating to federal, state, local and international regulation of our business.

## Human Capital Management

## Overview

As of December 31, 2021, the Company and its subsidiaries employed approximately 36,000 persons, including approximately 23,000 employees in the U.S. and approximately 13,000 employees outside the U.S. Approximately 90% and 85% of our U.S. and international employees, respectively, work in restaurants while the remainder work in our restaurant-support centers. In the U.S., approximately 90% of our Company-owned restaurant employees are part-time and approximately 50% have been employed by the Company for less than a year. Some of our International employees are subject to labor council relationships whose terms vary due to the diverse countries in which the Company operates.

In  addition  to  the  persons  employed  by  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries,  our  approximately  52,000  franchise  restaurants  around  the  world  are responsible for the employment of over an estimated 1 million people who work in and support those restaurants. Each year YUM and our franchisees around the world create thousands of restaurant jobs, which are part-time, entry-level opportunities to grow careers at our KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and The Habit Burger Grill brands. As evidence of the opportunities these positions create, approximately 80% of our Company-owned Restaurant General Managers ('RGMs') located in the U.S. have been promoted from other positions in our restaurants and such RGMs often earn competitive pay greater than the average American household income.

Human capital management considerations are integral to our Recipe for Growth and Good strategy, the drivers of which include leveraging our culture and people capability to fuel brand performance and franchise success, as well as recruiting and equipping the best restaurant operators in the world to deliver great customer experiences. Our investment in people includes creating a culture of engagement that attracts, retains and grows the best people and  creates  high  performance  in  our  restaurants.  We  are  also  highly  focused  on  building  an  inclusive  culture  among  our  employees,  franchisees, suppliers and partners to reflect the diversity of our customers and communities. Our commitments and progress towards executing this strategy are reflected below.

## Culture &amp; Talent

We believe that our culture and talent provide us with a competitive advantage with respect to the performance of our business. Our areas of focus in this regard include the following:

- Measuring  YUM  employee  engagement  regularly.  For  example,  every  other  year  we  conduct  a  global  employee  engagement  survey  of  all employees working in our restaurant support centers. The most recent survey conducted was in 2021 and reflected an engagement level among our employees significantly exceeding the average engagement levels of benchmarked companies.
- Providing YUM employees with training and development that builds world-class leaders and drives business results. We promote these efforts through initiatives such as our leadership development program (Heartstyles), our unconscious bias program (Inclusive Leadership) and training programs with respect to our compliance polices, including our Code of Conduct. Our Heartstyles program is also available to our franchisees so that their employees may benefit as well.
- Enabling a culture that fuels results and cross-brand collaboration on operational execution, people capability and customer experience initiatives throughout our system.
- Assessing progress towards lowering turnover and increasing retention rates, particularly at the restaurant-employee level.

## Equity, Inclusion &amp; Belonging

In connection with our focus on equity, inclusion and belonging, our areas of focus include the following:

- Continually building upon ongoing inclusion efforts to help ensure our workplaces are environments where all people can be successful.
- Significantly  increasing  the  number  of  women  in  our  senior  leadership  globally,  with  a  goal  of  achieving  gender  parity  by  2030. In  2020, approximately 45% of our global leadership roles were held by women and approximately 55% of our global above-restaurant workforce were women.
- Increasing representation of Black and Latinx U.S. associates among our executive and management ranks, franchisees and suppliers over the next 10 years to match the combined demographics of those groups within the U.S. We intend to further this goal through an increased focus on coaching  capability,  sponsorship  programs  and  customized  individual  development  plans.  Moreover,  we  have  joined  We  Are  All  Human's Hispanic Promise, a national pledge to hire, promote, retain and celebrate Hispanics in the workplace. We also plan to enhance our relationship with the Consortium for Graduate Studies in Management, which brings outstanding underrepresented talent of color and companies like YUM together to fill critical organizational roles.
- Continuing to roll out Inclusive Leadership training and anti-racism training across our system. We intend to expand our Inclusive Leadership training  to  employees  and  franchisees  around  the  world  and  have  started  development  of  an  online  module  of  this  training  program  to  help provide even greater access.

## Available Information

The Company makes available, through the Investor Relations section of its internet website at  https://www.yum.com, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange  Act,  as  soon  as  reasonably  practicable  after  electronically  filing  such  material  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  ('SEC')  at https://www.sec.gov.

Our Corporate Governance Principles and our Code of Conduct are also located within the Investor Relations section of the Company's website. The references to the Company's website address in this Form 10-K do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the website and should not be considered part of this Form 10-K. These documents, as well as our SEC filings, are available in print free of charge to any shareholder who requests a copy from our Investor Relations Department.

## Item 1A. Risk Factors.

You should carefully review the risks described below as they identify important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, expectations and historical trends. Any of the following risk factors, either by itself or together with other risk factors, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition.

Risks Related to COVID-19, Food Safety and Catastrophic Events

The novel coronavirus (COVID-19) global pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Developments related to COVID-19, which was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020, have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact our business and results of operations. The impacts of COVID-19 have included the loss of revenues due to store closures,  reduced store-level  operations,  full  or  partial  dining  room  closures  and  other  restrictions  on  our  business  and  operations.  During  2021,  the overall adverse impact of COVID-19 on our operations was less significant than in 2020, but we continued to see negative impacts as of the end of 2021 due to COVID-19 outbreaks and resulting government restrictions limiting mobility in certain parts of the world, primarily in Asia.

Conversely, for our restaurants that prominently feature drive-thru, carryout and delivery options, the pandemic has in many cases contributed to an increase in sales since the onset of the pandemic. If the impact of the pandemic continues to recede and the restaurant industry in general returns to more normal operations, the benefits to sales experienced by certain of our restaurants, including our Pizza Hut delivery restaurants, could wane and our results could be negatively impacted.

We and our franchisees have made operational changes intended to safeguard employees and customers in response to COVID-19, which have included increased cleaning and sanitization, installation of counter screens and the purchase of personal protective equipment. These operational changes have increased and may continue to increase restaurant operating costs and impact restaurant-level margins and return on invested capital. Our and our franchisees' restaurants have also experienced, and may continue to experience, interruptions of food and other supplies as well as labor shortages. In addition,  the  COVID-19  pandemic has required and may continue to require us to implement certain precautionary measures, such as in relation to vaccinations,  testing  and  face  coverings,  which  could  adversely  impact  our  operations,  employee  retention  and  satisfaction,  and  the  willingness  of customers to visit our restaurants.

Our success is heavily reliant on our Concepts' franchisees, and the COVID-19 pandemic has caused and may continue to cause financial distress for certain franchisees, particularly those located in areas most significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result of this distress, certain of our franchisees have been unable to, or in the future may be unable to, meet their financial obligations to us as they come due, including the payment of royalties, rent, or other amounts due to the Company. Additionally, certain of our franchisees have been unable to, or in the future may be unable to make payments to landlords, distributors and key suppliers, as well as payments to service any debt they may have outstanding. Franchisee financial distress has also led to, and may continue to lead to, permanent store closures and delayed or reduced new franchisee development, which may further harm our results and liquidity.

We are unable to fully predict the impact that COVID-19 will have on our and our franchisees' operations going forward due to various uncertainties, including the severity and duration of the pandemic, the timing, availability acceptance and effectiveness of medical treatments and vaccines, the spread of potentially more contagious and/or virulent forms of COVID-19, including variants that may be more resistant to currently available vaccines and treatments, the extent to which COVID-19 may cause customers to continue to be reluctant to return to inrestaurant dining or otherwise change their consumption patterns (including after the COVID-19 pandemic has ended), actions that may be taken by governmental  authorities,  and  the  extent  to  which  ongoing  governmental  restrictions  in  certain  regions  will  be  lifted,  and  the  ongoing  impact  of  the pandemic on economic conditions in the U.S. and globally. Moreover, if conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic result in significant disruptions to capital and financial markets, or negatively impact our credit ratings, our cost of borrowing, our ability to access capital on favorable terms and our overall liquidity and capital structure could be adversely impacted.

## Food safety and food- or beverage-borne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our business.

Food-borne illnesses, such as E. coli, Listeria, Salmonella, Cyclospora and Trichinosis, and food safety issues, such as food tampering, contamination (including  with  respect  to  allergens)  and  adulteration  or  food-  or  beverage-borne  illness,  occur  or  may  occur  within  our  system  from  time  to  time. Furthermore, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there are now stricter health regulations and guidelines and increased public concern over food safety standards  and  controls.  Any  report  or  publicity  linking  us  or  one  of  our  Concepts'  restaurants,  or  linking  our  competitors  or  the  retail  food  industry generally, to instances of food- or beverage-borne illness or food safety issues, could adversely affect us and possibly lead to product liability claims, litigation, governmental investigations or actions, and damages. Moreover, the reliance of our Concepts' restaurants on third-party food suppliers and distributors and increasing reliance on food delivery aggregators increases the risk that food- or beverage-borne illness incidents and food safety issues could be caused by factors outside of our direct control. If a customer of one of our Concepts' restaurants becomes ill from food or beverage-borne illnesses or as a result of food safety issues, restaurants in our system may be temporarily closed, which could disrupt our operations and materially and adversely affect our business. In addition, instances or allegations of food or beverage-borne illness or food safety issues, real or perceived, involving our restaurants, restaurants of competitors, or our suppliers or distributors (regardless of whether we use or have used those suppliers or distributors), or otherwise involving the types of food served at our restaurants, could result in negative publicity that could adversely affect either our or our Concepts' franchisees' revenues and profits. The occurrence of food or beverage-borne illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, which could result in disruptions in our supply chain and/or lower margins for us and our Concepts' franchisees.

Our business may be adversely affected by catastrophic or unforeseen events, such as future health epidemics or pandemics, natural disasters, and events that lead to avoidance of public places or restrictions on public gatherings.

Our business could  be  materially  and  adversely  impacted  by  various  future  occurrences  (which  may  be  beyond  our  control),  including  future  health epidemics or pandemics, natural disasters, geopolitical events, terrorism, political, financial or social instability, boycotts, social or civil unrest, workplace violence, or other events that lead to avoidance of public places or restrictions on public gatherings such as in our and our Concepts' restaurants. For example, the outbreak of a widespread future health epidemic or pandemic, including an outbreak arising from various strains of avian flu or swine flu, such as H1N1, particularly if located in regions from which we derive a significant amount of revenue or profit could materially and adversely affect our business.

In addition, our operations could be disrupted if any of our employees or employees of our business partners were suspected of having the avian flu or swine flu,  or  other  illnesses  such  as  hepatitis  A  or  norovirus,  since  this  could  require  us  or  our  business  partners  to  quarantine  some  or  all  of  such employees or disinfect our restaurant facilities. Prior outbreaks of avian flu have resulted in confirmed human cases and it is possible that outbreaks could reach pandemic levels. Public concern over avian flu generally may cause fear about the consumption of chicken, eggs and other products derived from poultry, which could cause customers to consume less poultry and related products, which would adversely affect us as the result of the fact that poultry is a menu offering for our Concepts' restaurants. Avian flu outbreaks could also adversely affect the price and availability of poultry, which could negatively impact profit margins and revenues for us and our Concepts' franchisees.

Furthermore, other viruses may be transmitted through human contact, and the risk of contracting viruses could cause employees or guests to avoid gathering in public places, which could adversely affect restaurant guest traffic or the ability to adequately staff restaurants. We could also be adversely affected if government authorities impose mandatory closures, seek voluntary closures, impose restrictions on operations of restaurants, or restrict the import or export of products, or if suppliers issue mass recalls of products. Even if such measures are not implemented and a virus or other disease does not spread significantly, the perceived risk of infection or health risk may adversely affect our business and operating results.

## Risks Related to our Business Strategy and reliance upon Franchisees

Our operating results and growth strategies are closely tied to the success of our Concepts' franchisees.

The vast majority (98%) of our restaurants are operated by our Concepts' franchisees. Our refranchising efforts have increased our dependence on the financial success and cooperation of our Concepts' franchisees. In addition, our long-term growth depends on maintaining the pace of our net system unit growth rate through our Concepts' franchisees. We also rely on master franchisees, who have rights to license to sub-franchisees the right to develop and operate  restaurants,  to  achieve  our  expectations  for  new  unit  development.  If  our  Concepts'  franchisees  and  master  franchisees  do  not  meet  our expectations for new unit development, we may not achieve our desired growth.

We have limited control over how our Concepts' franchisees' businesses are run, and their inability to operate successfully could adversely affect our operating results through decreased fees paid to us for royalties, advertising funds contributions, and other discrete services we may provide to our Concept's  franchisees  ( e.g. management  of  e-commerce  platforms).  Our  control  is  further  limited  in  markets  where  we  utilize  master  franchise arrangements, which require us to rely on our master franchisees to monitor and enforce sub-franchisee compliance with our operating standards. If our Concepts' franchisees fail to adequately capitalize their businesses or incur too much debt, if their operating expenses or commodity prices increase or if economic or sales trends deteriorate  such  that  they  are  unable  to  operate  profitably  or  repay  existing  debt,  it  could  result  in  their  financial  distress, including insolvency or bankruptcy, or the inability to meet development targets or obligations. If a significant franchisee of one of our Concepts becomes, or a significant number of our Concepts' franchisees in the aggregate become, financially distressed (which has occurred with certain of our franchisees as the result of the COVID-19 pandemic), our operating results could be impacted through reduced or delayed fee payments that cause us to record bad debt expense, reduced advertising fund contributions, and reduced new unit development.

In addition, we are secondarily liable on certain of our Concepts' franchisees' restaurant lease agreements, including lease agreements that we have guaranteed  or  assigned  to  franchisees  in  connection  with  the  refranchising  of  certain  Company-owned  restaurants.  Our  operating  results  could  be impacted by any increased rent obligations for such leased properties to the extent our Concepts' franchisees default on such lease agreements. In addition, the failure of our Concepts' franchisees to attract and retain quality personnel or adequately engage in succession planning may adversely affect their restaurant operations and the development of new restaurants, which in turn could hurt our business.

Our success also depends on the willingness and ability of our Concepts' franchisees to implement marketing programs and major initiatives such as restaurant remodels or equipment or technology upgrades, which may require financial investment by such franchisees. Our Concepts may be unable to successfully implement strategies that we believe are necessary for further growth if their franchisees do not participate, which in turn may harm the growth prospects and financial condition of the Company.

Additionally, the failure of our Concepts' franchisees to focus on key elements of restaurant operations, such as compliance with our operating standards addressing quality, service and cleanliness (even if such failures do not rise to the level of breaching the related franchise documents), may be attributed by guests to our Concepts' entire brand and could have a negative impact on our business. Moreover, franchisee noncompliance with the terms and conditions of our franchise agreements may reduce the overall goodwill of our Concepts' brands, whether through the failure to meet health and safety standards (including with respect to additional sanitation protocols and guidelines in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic), engage in quality control or maintain product consistency, or through the participation in improper or objectionable business practices.

We have franchise relationships that are particularly important to our business, such as our relationship with Yum China. In connection with the spin-off of our China business in 2016 into an independent publicly-traded company (the 'Separation' or 'Yum China spin-off'), we entered into a Master License Agreement pursuant to which Yum China is the exclusive licensee of the KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut Concepts and their related marks and other intellectual  property rights for restaurant services in mainland China. Following the Separation, Yum China became, and continues to be, our largest franchisee. Our financial results are significantly affected by Yum China's results as we are entitled to receive a 3% sales-based royalty on all Yum China system sales related to these Concepts.

In addition to Yum China, we have other significant franchise relationships on which our success is dependent, including our strategic alliance with Food Delivery  Brands  Group,  S.A.  (previously  named  Telepizza  Group  S.A.  ('Telepizza')),  which  is  the  master  franchisee  of  Pizza  Hut  in  Latin  America (excluding Brazil) and portions of Europe, and our relationship with certain other large franchisees. Any failure to realize the expected benefits of such franchise relationships may adversely impact our business and operating results.

We may not achieve our target development goals, including as the result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and new restaurants may not be profitable.

Our growth strategy depends on our and our Concepts' franchisees' ability to increase the number of restaurants around the world. The successful development of new units depends in large part on the ability of our Concepts' franchisees to open new restaurants and to operate these restaurants profitably. Effectively managing growth can be challenging, particularly as we expand into new markets internationally, and we cannot guarantee that we, or  our  Concepts'  franchisees,  including  Yum  China,  will  be  able  to  achieve  our  expansion  goals  or  that  new  restaurants  will  be  operated  profitably, consistent with results of existing restaurants or consistent with our or our franchisees' expectations. Other risks that could impact our ability to increase the number of our restaurants include prevailing economic conditions and trade or economic policies or sanctions, our ability to attract new franchisees, construction and development costs of new restaurants, and our, or our Concepts' franchisees', ability to obtain suitable restaurant locations, negotiate acceptable lease or purchase terms for the locations, access capital on favorable terms, obtain required permits and approvals in a timely manner, hire and train qualified management teams and restaurant crews, and meet construction schedules.

Expansion into markets could also be affected by our Concepts' franchisees' willingness to invest capital or ability to obtain financing to construct and open new restaurants. If it becomes more difficult or more expensive for our Concepts' franchisees to obtain financing to develop new restaurants, or if the perceived return on invested capital is not sufficiently attractive, the expected growth of our system could slow and our future revenues and operating cash flows could be adversely impacted.

In addition, the development of new restaurants could impact the sales of our Concepts' existing restaurants nearby. There can be no assurance that sales cannibalization will not occur or become more significant in the future as we increase our presence in existing markets.

We may not realize the anticipated benefits from past or potential future acquisitions, investments or other strategic transactions.

From time to time we evaluate and may complete mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, strategic partnerships, minority investments (which may include minority investments in third parties, such as franchisees or master franchisees) and other strategic transactions, including our acquisition of Dragontail Systems Limited completed in September 2021, and our acquisition of The Habit Restaurants, Inc. completed in March 2020.

Past and potential future strategic transactions may involve various inherent risks, including, without limitation:

- expenses,  delays  or  difficulties  in  integrating  acquired  companies,  joint  venture  operations,  strategic  partnerships  or  investments  into  our organization, including the failure to realize expected synergies and/or the inability to retain key personnel;
- diversion of management's attention from other initiatives and/or day-to-day operations to effectively execute our growth strategy;
- inability to generate sufficient revenue, profit, and cash flow from acquired companies, joint ventures, strategic partnerships or investments;
- the  possibility  that  we  have  acquired  substantial  contingent  or  unanticipated  liabilities  in  connection  with  acquisitions  or  other  strategic transactions; and
- the possibility that investments we have made may decline significantly in value, which could lead to the potential impairment of the carrying value of goodwill associated with acquired businesses.

Past and potential future strategic transactions may not ultimately create value for us and may harm our reputation and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we account for certain investments, including our investment in Devyani International Limited ('Devyani'), on a mark-to-market basis and, as a result, changes in the fair value of these investments impact our reported results. Changes in market prices for equity securities are unpredictable, and our investment in Devyani has caused, and could continue to cause, fluctuations in our results of operations.

## Risks Related to Operating a Global Business

We have significant exposure to the Chinese market through our largest franchisee, Yum China, which subjects us to risks that could negatively affect our business.

A significant portion of our total business, particularly with respect to our KFC Concept, is conducted in mainland China through our largest franchisee, Yum China. Yum China's business is exposed to risks in mainland China, which include, among others, potential political, financial and social instability, changes in economic conditions (including consumer spending, unemployment levels and wage and commodity inflation), consumer preferences, the regulatory environment (including uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules and regulations), food safety related  matters  (including  compliance  with  food  safety  regulations  and  ability  to  ensure  product  quality  and  safety),  and  the  effect  of  the  COVID-19 pandemic and related restrictions in China. Any significant or prolonged deterioration in U.S.-China relations, including as the result of current U.S.-China tensions, could adversely affect our Concepts in mainland China. Chinese law regulates Yum China's business conducted within mainland China. Our royalty income from the Yum China business is therefore subject to numerous uncertainties based on Chinese laws, regulations and policies, as they may change from time to time. If Yum China's business is harmed or development of our Concepts' restaurants is slowed in mainland China due to any of these factors, it could negatively impact the royalty paid by Yum China to us, which would negatively impact our financial results or our growth prospects.

Our relationship with Yum China is governed primarily by a Master License Agreement, which may be terminated upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the insolvency or bankruptcy of Yum China. In addition, if we are unable to enforce our intellectual property or contract rights in mainland China, if Yum  China  is  unable  or  unwilling  to  satisfy  its  obligations  under  the  Master  License  Agreement,  or  if  the  Master  License  Agreement  is  otherwise terminated, it could result in an interruption in the operation of our brands that have been exclusively licensed to Yum China for use in mainland China. Such interruption could cause a delay in, or loss of, royalty income to us, which would negatively impact our financial results.

## Our international operations subject us to risks that could negatively affect our business.

A significant portion of our Concepts' restaurants are operated in countries and territories outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, and we intend to continue expansion of our international operations. As a result, our business and the businesses of our Concepts' franchisees are increasingly exposed to risks inherent in international operations. These risks, which can vary substantially by country, include political, financial or social instability or conditions,  geopolitical  events,  corruption,  anti-American  sentiment,  social  and  ethnic  unrest,  military  conflicts  and  terrorism,  as  well  as  changes  in economic conditions (including consumer spending, unemployment levels and wage and commodity inflation), the regulatory environment (including the risks of operating in developing or emerging markets in which there are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforceability of legal requirements and the enforceability of contract rights and intellectual property rights), income and non-income based tax rates and laws. Additional risks include the impact of import restrictions or controls, sanctions, foreign exchange control regimes (including restrictions on currency conversion), health guidelines and safety protocols related to the COVID-19 pandemic, labor costs and conditions, compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and other similar applicable laws prohibiting bribery of government officials and other corrupt practices, consumer preferences and the laws and policies that govern foreign investment in countries where our Concepts' restaurants are operated. For example, we have been subject to a regulatory enforcement action in India alleging violation of foreign exchange laws for failure to satisfy conditions of certain operating approvals, such as minimum investment and store build requirements as well as limitations on the remittance of fees outside of the country (see Note 20). In addition, escalating tensions between Russia and Ukraine and any potential military incursion of Russia into Ukraine could adversely impact macroeconomic conditions, give rise to regional instability and result in heightened economic sanctions from the U.S. and the international community in a manner that adversely affects us and our Concepts' restaurants located in Russia and Eastern Europe, including to the extent that any such sanctions restrict our ability in this region to conduct business with certain suppliers or vendors, and/or to utilize the banking system and repatriate cash. We and our franchisees do business in jurisdictions that may be subject to trade or economic sanction regimes and such sanctions could be expanded. Any failure to comply with such sanction regimes or other similar laws or regulations could result in the assessment of damages, the imposition of penalties, suspension of business licenses, or a cessation of operations at our or our franchisees' businesses, as well as damage to our and our Concepts' brands' images and reputations.

Foreign currency risks and foreign exchange controls could adversely affect our financial results.

Our results of operations and the value of our foreign assets are affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which may adversely affect reported earnings. More specifically, an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar, relative to other currencies, such as the Chinese Renminbi ('RMB'), Australian Dollar, the British Pound and the Euro, as well as currencies in certain other markets, such as the Malaysian Ringgit and Russian Ruble, could have an adverse effect on our reported earnings. Any significant fluctuation in the value of currencies of countries in which we or our franchisees operate, and in particular RMB in China, could materially impact the U.S. dollar value of royalty payments made to us, which could result in lower revenues. In addition, fluctuations in the value of currencies in which we or our franchisees operate could lead to increased costs and lower profitability to us or our franchisees and/or cause us or our franchisees to increase prices to customers, which could negatively impact sales in these markets and harm our financial condition and operating results. There can be no assurance as to the future effect of any such changes on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. In addition, the governments in certain countries where our Concepts operate, including China, restrict the conversion of local currency into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of the country. Restrictions on the conversion of RMB to U.S. dollars or further restrictions on the remittance of currency out of China could result in delays in the remittance of Yum China's royalty, which could impact our liquidity.

## Risks Related to Technology, Data Privacy and Intellectual Property

Any cybersecurity incident,  including  the  failure  to  protect  the  integrity  and  security  of  personal  information  of  our  customers  and  employees,  or  the introduction of malware or ransomware, could materially affect our business and result in substantial costs, litigation, reputational harm and a loss of consumer confidence.

We receive and maintain certain personal, financial and other information about our customers, employees, vendors and franchisees. In addition, our vendors and/or franchisees receive and maintain certain personal, financial and other information about our vendors, employees and customers. The use and handling, including security, of this information is regulated by evolving and increasingly demanding laws and regulations in various jurisdictions, as well as by certain third-party contracts and industry standards.

We have experienced cyber-attacks and security breaches from time to time. The number and frequency of these cyber-attacks and/or security breaches varies but could be exacerbated by an increase in the use of our digital commerce platforms. Furthermore, the significant increase in remote working as the  result  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  which  may  continue  following  the  pandemic,  could  increase  the  risks  of  cyber  incidents  and  the  improper dissemination  of  personal  or  confidential  information.  If  our  security  and  information  systems  or  those  of  businesses  with  which  we  interact  are compromised as a result of data corruption or loss, a cyber-attack or a network security incident, or if our employees, franchisees or vendors fail to comply  with  applicable  laws  and  regulations  or  fail  to  meet  industry  standards  and  this  information  is  obtained  by  unauthorized  persons  or  used inappropriately, it could result in liabilities and penalties, damage our brands and reputation, cause interruption of normal business performance, cause us to incur substantial costs, result in a loss of consumer confidence and sales and disrupt our supply chain, business and plans. Additionally, such events could result in the release to the public of confidential information about our operations and could subject us to litigation and government enforcement actions, the losses associated with which may not be covered by insurance. Moreover, any significant cybersecurity events could require us to devote significant management resources to address the problems created by such events, interfere with the pursuit of other important business strategies and initiatives, and cause us to incur additional expenditures, which could be material, including to investigate such events, remedy cybersecurity problems, recover lost data, prevent future compromises and adapt systems and practices in response to such events. There is no assurance that any remedial actions will meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our information technology systems.

Further,  the  standards  for  systems  currently  used  for  transmission  and  approval  of  electronic  payment  transactions,  and  the  technology  utilized  in electronic payment transactions, all of which can put electronic payment data at risk, are determined and controlled by the payment card industry, not by us. If we or our franchisees fail to adequately control fraudulent credit card and debit card transactions or to comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, we or our franchisees may face civil liability, diminished public perception of our security measures, fines and assessments from the card brands, and significantly higher credit card and debit card related costs, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The failure to maintain satisfactory compliance with data privacy and data protection legal requirements may adversely affect our business and subject us to penalties.

Data privacy is subject to frequently changing rules and regulations, which sometimes conflict among the various jurisdictions and countries where we, our Concepts and our Concepts' franchisees do business. For example, we are subject to numerous global laws including the General Data Protection Regulation ('GDPR') applicable to the processing of personal data in the European Union, which was adopted by the European Union effective May 2018 and requires companies to meet new requirements regarding the handling of personal data and is subject to changing requirements, each of which could increase Company and franchisee resources necessary to comply. In addition, the State of California enacted the California Consumer

Privacy Act (the 'CCPA'), which became effective January 2020, requiring companies that process information on California residents to, among other things,  provide  new  disclosures  and  options  to  consumers  about  data  collection,  use  and  sharing  practices.  Further,  the  CCPA  has  been  subject  to revision  and  amendments,  including  significant  modifications  made  by  the  California  Privacy  Rights  Act  ('CPRA'),  under  which  the  majority  of requirements will take effect January 1, 2023. The updates and modifications to the CCPA, as well as requirements under the GDPR, and other newly enacted and evolving legal requirements, may require us and our franchisees to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses to comply. Moreover, each of the GDPR and the CCPA confer a private right-of-action to certain individuals and associations, and the CPRA will fund the creation of a regulatory body enforcing its provisions.

In addition, several other states have introduced data privacy legislation which may impose varying standards and requirements on our data collection, use  and  processing  activities.  The  Federal  Trade  Commission  and  many  state  attorneys  general  are  also  interpreting  federal  and  state  consumer protection laws to impose standards for the collection, use, dissemination and security of data. The Federal Trade Commission will also pursue privacy as a dedicated enforcement priority, with specialized attorneys seeking violation of US privacy laws including unfair or deceptive practices relating to privacy policies, consumer data collection and processing consent, and digital advertising practices. Furthermore, various other international jurisdictions, where our  Concepts  have  operations,  have  significantly  strengthened  their  data  privacy  laws,  rules  and  regulations.  New  cross-border  data  transfer requirements will require us to incur costs and expenses in order to comply and may impact the transfer of personal data throughout our organization and to third parties.

The increasingly restrictive and evolving regulatory environment at the international, federal and state level related to data privacy and data protection may  require  significant  effort  and  cost,  require  changes  to  our  business  practices  and  impact  our  ability  to  obtain  and  use  data  used  to  provide  a personalized experience for customers of our Concepts' restaurants. In addition, failure to comply with applicable requirements may subject us and our franchisees to fines, sanctions, governmental investigation, lawsuits and other potential liability, as well as reputational harm.

Unreliable  or  inefficient  restaurant  or  consumer-facing  technology  or  the  failure  to  successfully  implement  technology  initiatives  in  the  future  could adversely impact operating results and the overall consumer experience.

We and our Concepts' franchisees rely heavily on information technology systems in the conduct of our business, some of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties, including, for example, point-of-sale processing in our restaurants, management of our supply chain, and various other processes and procedures. These systems are subject to damage, interruption or failure due to theft, fire, power outages, telecommunications failure, computer viruses, security breaches, malicious cyber-attacks including the introduction of malware or ransomware or other disruptive behavior by hackers, or other catastrophic events. Certain technology systems may also be unreliable or inefficient, and technology vendors may limit or terminate product  support  and  maintenance,  which  could  impact  the  reliability  of  critical  systems'  operations.  If  our  or  our  Concepts'  franchisees'  information technology systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions, which could result in lost sales, customer or employee dissatisfaction, or negative publicity that could adversely impact our reputation, results of operations and financial condition.

We and our Concepts' franchisees rely on technology not only to efficiently operate our restaurants but also to drive the customer experience, sales growth and margin improvement. Our continued growth will be dependent on our initiatives to implement proprietary and third-party technology solutions and gather and leverage data to enhance restaurant operations and improve the customer experience. It may be difficult to recruit and retain qualified individuals for these efforts due to intense competition for qualified technology systems' developers necessary to innovate, develop and implement new technologies for our growth initiatives, including increasing our digital relationship with customers. Our strategic digital and technology initiatives may not be implemented in a timely manner or may not achieve the desired results. Even if we effectively implement and manage our technology initiatives, there is no guarantee that this will result in sales growth or margin improvement. Additionally, developing and implementing the evolving technology demands of the consumer may place a significant financial burden on us and our Concepts' franchisees, and our Concepts' franchisees may have differing views on  investment  priorities.  Moreover,  our  failure  to  adequately  invest  in  new  technology  or  adapt  to  technological  advancements  and  industry  trends, particularly with respect to digital commerce capabilities, could result in a loss of customers and related market share. If our Concepts' digital commerce platforms do not meet customers' expectations in terms of security, speed, attractiveness or ease of use, customers may be less inclined to return to such digital commerce platforms, which could negatively impact our business.

We cannot predict the impact that alternative methods of delivery, including autonomous vehicle delivery, or changes in consumer behavior facilitated by these  alternative  methods  of  delivery  will  have  on  our  business.  Advances  in  alternative  methods  of  delivery,  including  advances  in  digital  ordering technology, or certain changes in consumer behavior driven by these or other technologies and methods of delivery could have a negative effect on our business and market position.

Moreover, technology and consumer offerings continue to develop, and we expect that new or enhanced technologies and consumer offerings will be available in the future. We may pursue certain of those technologies and consumer offerings if we believe they offer a sustainable customer proposition and can be successfully integrated into our business model. However, we cannot predict consumer acceptance of these delivery channels or their impact on our business.

There are risks associated with our increasing dependence on digital commerce platforms to maintain and grow sales.

Customers are increasingly using e-commerce websites and apps, both domestically and internationally, such as kfc.com, tacobell.com, pizzahut.com, habitburger.com, KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and The Habit Burger Grill apps, and apps owned by third-party delivery aggregators and third-party mobile payment processors, to order and pay for our Concepts' products. Moreover, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in an increase in the use of storelevel or third-party delivery services by our Concepts. Many restaurants in each of our Concepts now offer consumers the ability to have the Concept's food delivered through third-party delivery services. As a result, our Concepts and our Concepts' franchisees are increasingly reliant on digital ordering and payment as a sales channel and our business could be negatively impacted if we are unable to successfully implement, execute or maintain our consumer-facing  digital  initiatives,  such  as  curbside  pick-up  and  mobile  carryout.  If  the  third-party  aggregators  that  we  utilize  for  delivery,  including marketplace and delivery as a service, cease or curtail their operations, fail to maintain sufficient labor force to satisfy demand, materially change fees, access or visibility to our products or give greater priority or promotions on their platforms to our competitors, our business may be negatively impacted. These digital ordering and payment platforms also could be damaged or interrupted by power loss, technological failures, user errors, cyber-attacks, other forms of sabotage, inclement weather or natural disasters. The digital ordering platforms relied upon by our Concepts have experienced interruptions and could experience further interruptions, which could limit or delay customers' ability to order through such platforms or make customers less inclined to return to such platforms. The rapid acceleration in growth of digital sales has placed additional stress on those platforms that are more reliant upon legacy technology, such as certain platforms used by Pizza Hut, which may result in more frequent and potentially more severe interruptions. Moreover, our reliance on multiple digital commerce platforms to support our global footprint, multiple Concepts and highly franchised business model could increase our vulnerability to cyber-attacks and/or security breaches and could necessitate additional expenditures as we endeavor to consolidate and standardize such platforms.

Yum China, our largest franchisee, utilizes third-party mobile payment apps such as Alipay and WeChat Pay as a means through which to generate sales and process payments. Should customers become unable to access mobile payment apps in China, should the relationship between Yum China and one or more third-party mobile payment processors become interrupted, or should Yum China's ability to use WeChat Pay, Alipay or other third-party mobile payment apps in its operations be restricted, its business could be materially and adversely affected, which could have a negative impact on the royalty paid to us.

Our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the increased impact of social media could adversely impact our business.

In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms, including blogs, chat platforms, social media websites, and other forms  of  Internet-based  communications  which  allow  individuals  access  to  a  broad  audience  of  consumers  and  other  interested  persons.  The  rising popularity of social media and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination and given users  the  ability  to  more  effectively  organize  collective  actions  such  as  boycotts  and  other  brand-damaging  behaviors.  Many  social  media  platforms immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. Information posted on such platforms at any time may be adverse to our interests and/or may be inaccurate. The dissemination of information online could harm our business, reputation,  financial  condition,  and  results  of  operations,  regardless  of  the  information's  accuracy.  The  damage  may  be  immediate  without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction.

In addition, social media is frequently used by our Concepts to communicate with their respective customers and the public in general. Failure by our Concepts to use social media effectively or appropriately, particularly as compared to our Concepts' respective competitors, could lead to a decline in brand value, customer visits and revenue. Social media is also increasingly used to compel companies to express public positions on issues and topics not directly related to their core business, which could prove controversial or divisive to consumers and result in lost sales or a misallocation of resources. In  addition,  laws  and  regulations,  including  Federal  Trade  Commission  enforcement,  are  rapidly  evolving  to  govern  social  media  platforms  and communications. A failure of us, our employees, our franchisees or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the use of social media could adversely impact our Concepts' brands, our reputation and our business, or subject us or our franchisees to fines or other penalties.  Other  risks  associated  with  the  use  of  social  media  include  improper  disclosure  of  proprietary  information,  negative  comments  about  our Concepts' brands, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious dissemination of false information. The inappropriate use of social media by our customers or employees could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations.

## Failure to protect our trademarks or other intellectual property could harm our Concepts' brands and overall business.

We regard our registered trademarks (e.g., Yum®, KFC®, Taco Bell®, Pizza Hut® and The Habit®) and unregistered trademarks, and other trademarks related  to  our  restaurant  businesses,  as  having  significant  value  and  being  important  to  our  marketing  efforts.  Our  trademarks,  many  of  which  are registered in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, create brand awareness and help build goodwill among our customers.

We rely on a combination of legal protections provided by trademark registrations, contracts, copyrights, patents and common law rights, such as unfair competition, passing off and trade secret laws to protect our intellectual property from potential infringement. However, from time to time we become aware of other persons or companies using names and marks that are identical or confusingly similar to our brands' names and marks. Although our policy is to oppose infringements and other unauthorized uses of marks similar or identical to our brands' marks, certain or unknown unauthorized uses or other misappropriation of our trademarks could diminish the value of our Concepts' brands and adversely affect our business and goodwill.

In  addition,  effective  intellectual  property  protection  may  not  be  available  in  every  country  in  which  our  Concepts  have,  or  may  in  the  future  open  or franchise, a restaurant and the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. There can be no assurance that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property or the legal protections that may be available will be adequate or that our franchisees will maintain the quality of the goods and services offered under our brands' trademarks or always act in accordance with guidelines we set for maintaining our brands' intellectual property rights and defending or enforcing our trademarks and other intellectual property could result in the expenditure of significant resources or result in significant harm to our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations.

Our brands may also be targets of infringement claims that could interfere with the use of certain names or trademarks and/or the proprietary know-how, recipes, or trade secrets used in our business. Defending against such claims is costly, and as a result of defending such claims, we may be prohibited from using such proprietary information in the future or forced to pay damages, royalties, or other fees for using such proprietary information, any of which could negatively affect our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations.

## Risks Related to Our Supply Chain and Employment

## Shortages or interruptions in the availability and delivery of food, equipment and other supplies may increase costs or reduce revenues.

The products sold or used by our Concepts and their franchisees are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers although certain products and equipment have limited suppliers, which increases our reliance on those suppliers. We, along with our Concepts' franchisees, are also dependent upon third parties to make frequent deliveries of food products, equipment and supplies that meet our specifications at competitive prices. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of food items, equipment and other supplies to our Concepts' restaurants have happened from time to time and could reduce sales, harm our Concepts' reputations and delay the planned openings of new restaurants by us and our Concepts' franchisees. We are experiencing and have experienced certain supply chain disruptions resulting from, among other things, capacity, transportation, staffing, operational and COVID-19 related challenges, which have and may continue to adversely affect our business and results of operations. Future shortages or disruptions could be caused by the factors noted above as well as factors such as natural disasters, health epidemics and pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic), social unrest, the impacts of climate change, inaccurate forecasting of customer demand, problems in production or distribution, restrictions on imports or exports including due to trade disputes or restrictions, the inability of vendors to obtain credit, political instability in the countries in which the suppliers  and  distributors  are  located,  the  financial  instability  of  suppliers  and  distributors,  suppliers'  or  distributors'  failure  to  meet  our  standards  or requirements, transitioning to new suppliers or distributors, product quality issues or recalls, inflation, food safety warnings or advisories, the cancellation of supply or distribution agreements or an inability to renew such arrangements or to find replacements on commercially reasonable terms.

In addition, in the U.S., the Company and the Company's KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut franchisee groups are members of Restaurant Supply Chain Solutions, LLC ('RSCS'), which is a third party responsible for purchasing certain restaurant products and equipment. The Habit Burger Grill entered into a purchasing agreement with RSCS in 2020. McLane Foodservice, Inc. ('McLane') serves as the largest distributor for the Company's KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut Concepts in the U.S. Any failure  or  inability  of  our  significant  suppliers  or  distributors,  including  RSCS  or  McLane  to  meet  their  respective  service  requirements,  could  result  in shortages or interruptions in the availability of food and other supplies.

The loss of key personnel, labor shortages or difficulty finding qualified employees could slow our growth, harm our business and reduce our profitability.

Much of our future success depends on the continued availability and service of senior management personnel. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key senior management personnel could harm our business.

In  addition,  our  restaurant operations are highly service-oriented and our success depends in part upon our and our Concepts' franchisees' ability to attract, retain and motivate a sufficient number of qualified employees, including franchisee management, restaurant managers and other crew members. The market for qualified employees in the retail food industry is very competitive. Our and our Concepts' franchisees are experiencing and may continue to experience a shortage of labor for positions in our restaurants, including due to the current competitive labor market and concerns around COVID-19.

Inability to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified individuals may result in reduced operating hours or service levels, delay our planned use, development or deployment of technology or impact the planned openings of new restaurants by us and our Concepts' franchisees which could have a material adverse impact on the operation of our Concepts' existing restaurants. In addition, strikes, work slowdown or other labor unrest may become more common. In the event of a strike, work slowdown or other labor unrest, the ability to adequately staff our Concepts' restaurants could be impaired, which could result in reduced revenue and customer claims, and may distract our management from focusing on our business and strategic priorities.

## Changes in labor and other operating costs could adversely affect our and our franchisees' results of operations.

An increase in the costs of employee wages, benefits and insurance (including workers' compensation, general liability, property and health) as well as other operating costs such as rent and energy costs could adversely affect our and our franchisees' operating results. In particular, labor shortages and the current competitive labor market have increased competition for qualified employees, which has compelled, and may continue to compel, us and our franchisees,  to  pay  higher  wages  to  attract  or  retain  qualified  employees  (including  franchisee  management,  restaurant  managers  and  other  crew members). Such increases in costs may result from general economic or competitive conditions or from government imposition of higher minimum wages at the federal, state or local level, including in connection with the increases in state minimum wages that have recently been enacted by various states and (if ultimately enacted) the potential increase in the federal minimum wage in the U.S. proposed by the current presidential administration. Moreover, there may be a long-term trend toward higher wages in developing markets. Any increase in such operating expenses could adversely affect our and our Concepts' franchisees' profit margins.

## An increase in food prices may have an adverse impact on our and our Concepts' franchisees' profit margins.

Our and our Concepts' franchisees' businesses depend on reliable sources of large quantities of raw materials such as proteins (including poultry, pork, beef and seafood), cheese, oil, flour and vegetables (including potatoes and lettuce). Raw materials purchased for use in our Concepts' restaurants are subject to price volatility caused by any fluctuation in aggregate supply and demand, or other external conditions, such as weather and climate conditions, energy costs or natural events or disasters that affect expected harvests of such raw materials, taxes and tariffs (including as a result of trade disputes), industry demand, inflationary conditions, labor shortages, transportation issues, fuel costs, food safety concerns, product recalls, governmental regulation and other factors, all of which are beyond our control and in many instances are unpredictable. We have recently experienced and may continue to experience, an increase in the price of various raw materials purchased by us as well as increased volatility in such prices, which have and may continue to adversely affect our results of operations. We cannot assure that we or our Concepts' franchisees will continue to be able to purchase raw materials at reasonable prices, or that the cost of raw materials will remain stable in the future. In addition, a significant increase in gasoline prices could result in the imposition of fuel surcharges by our distributors.

Because we and our Concepts' franchisees provide competitively priced food, we may not have the ability to pass through to our customers the full amount of any commodity price increases. If we and our Concepts' franchisees are unable to manage the cost of raw materials or to increase the prices of products proportionately, our and our franchisees' profit margins and return on invested capital may be adversely impacted, which could impact our ability to meet our new unit development targets.

## Risks Related to our Concepts' Brands and Reputation

Our success depends substantially on our corporate reputation and on the value and perception of our brands.

Our success depends in large part upon our ability and our Concepts' franchisees' ability to maintain and enhance our corporate reputation and the value and perception of our brands. Brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions on a variety of subjective qualities. Those perceptions are affected by a variety of factors, including the nutritional content and preparation of our food, the ingredients we use, food safety, and our business practices, including with respect to the manner in which we source commodities and social and environmental sustainability considerations. Consumer acceptance of our offerings is subject to change for a variety of reasons, and some changes can occur rapidly. For example, nutritional, health and other scientific studies  and  conclusions,  which  constantly  evolve  and  may  have  contradictory  implications,  drive  popular  opinion,  litigation  and  regulation  (including initiatives intended to drive consumer behavior) in ways that may affect perceptions of our Concepts' brands generally or relative to available alternatives. In  addition,  the  restaurant  industry  globally  has  been  subject  to  scrutiny  and  claims  that  the  menus  and  practices  of  restaurant  chains  have  led  to customer health issues, such as weight gain and other adverse effects. Publicity about these matters (particularly directed at the quick service and fastcasual segments of the retail food industry) may harm our Concepts' reputations and adversely affect our business. Moreover, this scrutiny could lead to an increase in the regulation of the content or marketing of our products, including legislation or regulation seeking to tax and/or regulate high-fat foods, foods with high sugar and salt content, or foods otherwise deemed to be 'unhealthy,' which could in turn increase costs of compliance and remediation to us and our franchisees.

In  addition,  business  or  other  incidents,  whether  isolated  or  recurring,  and  whether  originating  from  us,  our  Concepts'  restaurants,  franchisees, competitors, governments, suppliers or distributors, can significantly reduce brand value and consumer perception, particularly if the incidents receive considerable  publicity  or  result  in  litigation  or  investigations.  For  example,  the  reputation  of  our  Concepts'  brands  could  be  damaged  by  claims  or perceptions about the quality or safety of our products or the quality or reputation of our suppliers, distributors or franchisees or by claims or perceptions that we, founders of our Concepts, our Concepts' franchisees or other business partners have acted or are acting in an unethical, illegal, racially-biased or socially irresponsible manner or are not fostering an inclusive and diverse environment, including with respect to the service and treatment of customers at  our  Concepts'  restaurants,  and  our  or  our  franchisees'  treatment  of  employees,  regardless  of  whether  such  claims  or  perceptions  are  true.  Our corporate reputation could also suffer from negative publicity or consumer sentiment regarding Company action or brand imagery, misconduct by any of our or our franchisees' employees, or a real or perceived failure of corporate governance. Any such developments could cause a decline directly or indirectly in consumer confidence in, or the perception of, our Concepts' brands and/or our products and reduce consumer demand for our products, which would likely result in lower revenues and profits.

We cannot guarantee that franchisees or other third parties with licenses to use our intellectual property will not take actions that may harm the value of our intellectual property. Franchisee use of our Concepts' trademarks are governed through franchise agreements and we monitor use of our trademarks by both franchisees and third parties, but franchisees or other third parties may refer to or make statements about our Concepts' brands that do not make proper use of our trademarks or required designations, that improperly alter trademarks or branding, or that are critical of our Concepts' brands or place our Concepts' brands in a context that may tarnish their reputation. Moreover, unauthorized third parties, including our Concepts' current and former franchisees, may use our intellectual property to trade on the goodwill of our Concepts' brands, resulting in consumer confusion or brand dilution.

Our ability to reach consumers and drive results is heavily influenced by brand marketing and advertising and our ability to adapt to evolving consumer preferences, including developing and launching new and innovative products and offerings. Our marketing and advertising programs may not be as successful, or may not be as successful as our competitors, and thus, may adversely affect our business and the strength of our brand.

We may be adversely affected by climate change and other social and environmental sustainability matters, including if we are unable to meet goals and commitments that we establish in relation to such matters.

There has been an increased focus, including from investors, the general public and U.S. and foreign governmental and nongovernmental authorities, on social  and  environmental  sustainability  matters,  including  with  respect  to  climate  change,  greenhouse  gases,  packaging  and  waste,  human  rights, sustainable supply chain practices, animal health and welfare, deforestation and land, energy and water use. As the result of this heightened focus, including from governmental and nongovernmental authorities, and our commitment to social and environmental sustainability matters, we may provide expanded disclosure, establish or expand goals, commitments or targets, and take actions to meet such goals, commitments and targets. Our ability to meet such goals, commitments and targets is subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. If we are not effective, or are not perceived to be effective, in addressing social and environmental sustainability matters or meeting such goals, commitments and targets, consumer trust in our brands may suffer. Moreover, these matters and our efforts to address them could expose us to market, operational, reputational and execution costs or risks.

We could also be affected by the physical effects of climate change, and other environmental issues, to the extent such issues adversely affect the general economy, adversely impact our supply chain or increase the costs of food and other supplies needed for our operations. In addition, future U.S. and international legislative and regulatory efforts to combat climate change or other environmental considerations could result in increased regulation, and additional taxes and other expenses, in a manner that adversely affects our business.

## Risks Related to Government Regulation and Litigation

We may be subject to litigation that could adversely affect us by increasing our expenses, diverting management attention or subjecting us to significant monetary damages and other remedies.

We are regularly involved in legal proceedings, which include regulatory claims or disputes by claimants such as franchisees, suppliers, employees, customers, governments and others related to operational, foreign exchange, tax, franchise, contractual or employment issues. These claims or disputes may relate to personal injury, franchisees' employment, real estate related, environmental, tort, intellectual property, breach of contract, data privacy, securities, derivative and other litigation matters. See the discussion of legal proceedings in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Plaintiffs often seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties (some of which are beyond the Company's control). Unfavorable rulings or developments may also occur in cases we are not involved in. Moreover, regardless of whether any such lawsuits have merit, or whether we are ultimately held liable or settle, such litigation may be expensive to defend, may divert resources and management attention away from our operations, and may negatively impact our results of operations. With respect to insured claims, a judgment for monetary damages in excess of any insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may also adversely affect our Concepts' reputations, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations.

Changes in, or noncompliance with, governmental regulations may adversely affect our business operations, growth prospects or financial condition.

The Company, and our Concepts and their franchisees, are subject to numerous laws and regulations around the world. These laws and regulations change regularly and are increasingly complex. For example, we are subject to:

- The  Americans  with  Disabilities  Act  in  the  U.S.  and  similar  laws  that  provide  protection  to  individuals  with  disabilities  in  the  context  of employment, public accommodations and other areas.
- The U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act as well as a variety of similar laws, which govern matters such as minimum wages, and overtime, and the U.S. Family and Medical Leave Act as well as a variety of similar laws which provide protected leave rights to employees.
- Employment laws related to workplace health and safety, non-discrimination, non-harassment, whistleblower protections, and other terms and conditions of employment.
- Laws and regulations in government-mandated health care benefits such as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act in the U.S.
- Laws and regulations relating to nutritional content, nutritional labeling, product safety, product marketing and menu labeling.
- Laws relating to state and local licensing.
- Laws relating to the relationship between franchisors and franchisees.
- Laws and regulations relating to health, sanitation, food, workplace safety, child labor, including laws regulating the use of certain 'hazardous equipment', building and zoning, and fire safety and prevention.
- Laws and regulations relating to union organizing rights and activities.
- Laws relating to information security, privacy (including the European Union's GDPR and California's CCPA and CPRA), cashless payments, and consumer protection.
- Laws relating to currency conversion or exchange.
- Laws relating to international trade and sanctions.
- Tax laws and regulations.
- Anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act.
- Environmental laws and regulations, including with respect to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions.
- Federal and state immigration laws and regulations in the U.S.
- Regulations, health guidelines and safety protocols related to the COVID-19 pandemic.

In  addition,  if  any  governmental  authority  were  to  adopt  and  implement  a  broader  standard  for  determining  when  two  or  more  otherwise  unrelated employers may be found to be a joint employer of the same employees under laws such as the National Labor Relations Act in a manner that is applied generally to franchise relationships (which broader standards in the past have been adopted by U.S. governmental agencies such as the National Labor Relations Board), this could cause us or our Concepts to be liable or held responsible for unfair labor practices and other violations and could subject our Concepts  to  other  liabilities,  and/or  require  our  Concepts  to  conduct  collective  bargaining  negotiations,  regarding  employees  of  totally  separate, independent employers, most notably our Concepts' franchisees. Further, a California law enacted in 2019 adopted an employment classification test to be  used  when  determining  employee  or  independent  contractor  status  which  establishes  a  high  threshold  to  obtain  independent  contractor  status. Moreover, other labor related laws enacted at the federal, state or local level could increase our and our franchisees' labor costs and decrease profitability or could cause employees of our franchisees to be deemed employees of our Concepts.

Any  failure  or  alleged  failure  to  comply  with  applicable  laws  or  regulations  or  related  standards  or  guidelines  could  adversely  affect  our  reputation, international expansion efforts, growth prospects and financial results or result in, among other things, litigation, revocation of required licenses, internal investigations, governmental investigations or proceedings, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. Publicity relating to any such noncompliance could also harm our Concepts' reputations and adversely affect our revenues. In addition, the compliance costs associated with complying with new or existing legal requirements could be substantial.

Tax matters, including changes in tax rates or laws, disagreements with taxing authorities, imposition of new taxes and our restructurings could impact our results of operations and financial condition.

We are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property, withholding and franchise taxes in both the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. Our accruals for tax liabilities are based on past experience, interpretations of applicable law, and judgments about potential actions by tax authorities, but such accruals require significant judgment which may be incorrect and may result in payments greater than the amounts accrued. If the Internal Revenue Service ('IRS') or another taxing authority disagrees with our tax positions, we could face additional tax liabilities, including interest and penalties, which could be material. In addition, public perception that we are not paying a sufficient amount of taxes could damage our Concepts' reputations, which could harm our profitability. For example, as disclosed in Note 20, as a result of an audit by the IRS for fiscal years 2013 through 2015, on October 13, 2021, we received a Notice of Proposed Adjustment from the IRS for the 2014 fiscal year relating  to  a  series  of  reorganizations  we  undertook  during  that  year  in  connection  with  the  business  realignment  of  our  corporate  and  management reporting structure along brand lines. While we disagree with the position of the IRS and intend to contest it vigorously, an unfavorable resolution of this matter could have a material, adverse impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements in future periods.

In  addition,  changes  in  laws,  regulation  or  interpretation  of  existing  laws  and  regulations  in  the  U.S.  and  other  jurisdictions  where  we  are  subject  to taxation, including potential changes in U.S. tax laws supported by the current U.S. presidential administration, could increase our taxes and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For example, in January 2022, the U.S. Treasury published new regulations impacting foreign  tax  credit  utilization  beginning  in  the  Company's  2022  tax  year.  These  regulations  make  foreign  taxes  paid  to  certain  countries  no  longer creditable  in  the  U.S.  While  our  determination  of  which  foreign  taxes  that  will  no  longer  be  creditable  is  not  yet  complete,  we  anticipate  that  these regulations are likely to result in additional tax due in the U.S. in future years. See Note 21 for further discussion. Moreover, if significant jurisdictions in which we or our Concepts operate enact tax legislation, modify tax treaties and/or increase audit scrutiny based on the Action on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting guidance of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, it could increase our taxes and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. In addition, we have in the past and may in the future adapt our entity and operating structure in response to and in compliance with changes in tax laws, regulations, or interpretation of existing laws and regulations. Such restructurings could result in material incremental tax costs associated with restructuring transactions or operations of the structure.

## Risks Related to the Yum China Spin-Off

## The Yum China spin-off and certain related transactions could result in substantial U.S. tax liability.

We received opinions of outside counsel substantially to the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Yum China spin-off and certain related transactions qualified as generally tax-free under Sections 355 and 361 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. The opinions relied on various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations as to factual matters and undertakings (including with respect to future conduct) made by Yum China and us. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, we may not be able to rely on these opinions of outside counsel. Accordingly, notwithstanding receipt of the opinions of outside counsel, the conclusions reached in the tax opinions may be challenged by the IRS. Because the opinions are not binding on the IRS or the courts, there can be no assurance that the IRS or the courts will not prevail in any such challenge.

If, notwithstanding receipt of any opinion, the IRS were to conclude that the Yum China spin-off was taxable, in general, we would recognize taxable gain as if  we  had sold the Yum China common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value. In addition, each U.S. holder of our Common Stock who received  shares  of  Yum  China  common  stock  in  connection  with  the  spin-off  transaction  would  generally  be  treated  as  having  received  a  taxable distribution of property in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares of Yum China common stock received. That distribution would be taxable to each such U.S. stockholder as a dividend to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. For each such U.S. stockholder, any amount that exceeded our earnings and profits would be treated first as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent of such stockholder's tax basis in our shares of Common Stock with any remaining amount being taxed as a capital gain.

## The Yum China spin-off may be subject to China indirect transfer tax.

In February 2015, the Chinese State Tax Administration ('STA') issued the Bulletin on Several Issues of Enterprise Income Tax on Income Arising from Indirect Transfers of Property by Non-resident Enterprises ('Bulletin 7'). Pursuant to Bulletin 7, an 'indirect transfer' of Chinese taxable assets, including equity interests in a China resident enterprise ('Chinese interests'), by a non-resident enterprise, may be recharacterized and treated as a direct transfer of  Chinese  taxable  assets,  if  such  arrangement  does  not  have  reasonable  commercial  purpose  and  the  transferor  has  avoided  payment  of  Chinese enterprise income tax. Using general anti-tax avoidance provisions, the STA may treat an indirect transfer as a direct transfer of Chinese interests if the transfer  has  avoided  Chinese  tax  by  way  of  an  arrangement  without  reasonable  commercial  purpose.  As  a  result,  gains  derived  from  such  indirect transfer may be subject to Chinese enterprise income tax, and the transferee or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer would be obligated to withhold the applicable taxes, currently at a rate of up to 10% of the capital gain in the case of an indirect transfer of equity interests in a China resident enterprise.

We evaluated the potential applicability of Bulletin 7 in connection with the Separation in the form of a tax free restructuring and continue to believe it is more likely than not that Bulletin 7 does not apply and that the restructuring had reasonable commercial purpose.

However,  there  are  significant  uncertainties  regarding  what  constitutes  a  reasonable  commercial  purpose,  how  the  safe  harbor  provisions  for  group restructurings are to be interpreted and how the Chinese tax authorities will ultimately view the spin-off. As a result, our position could be challenged by the Chinese tax authorities resulting in a tax at a rate of 10% assessed on the difference between the fair market value and the tax basis of Yum China. As our tax basis in Yum China was minimal, the amount of such a tax could be significant and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial condition.

## Risks Related to Consumer Discretionary Spending and Macroeconomic Conditions

Our business may be adversely impacted by changes in consumer discretionary spending and economic conditions in the U.S. and international markets.

As  a  restaurant  company  dependent  upon  consumer  discretionary  spending,  we  (and  our  franchisees)  are  sensitive  to  changes  in  or  uncertainty regarding macroeconomic conditions in the U.S. and in other regions of the world where our Concepts and Concepts' franchisees operate. Some of the factors that impact discretionary consumer spending include unemployment and underemployment rates, fluctuations in the level of disposable income, the  price  of  gasoline,  other  inflationary  pressures,  stock  market  performance  and  changes  in  the  level  of  consumer  confidence.  These  and  other macroeconomic factors could have an adverse effect on our or our franchisees' sales, profitability or development plans, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. In this regard, we and our franchisees have been adversely impacted by, and may continue to be adversely impacted by, ongoing macroeconomic challenges in the U.S. and other regions of the world where our Concepts and Concepts'

franchisees operate arising in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, including recent labor, commodity and other inflationary pressures, supply chain disruptions, and impacts arising from governmental restrictions implemented in certain regions to mitigate against the pandemic. In addition, negative macroeconomic conditions or other adverse developments with respect to our businesses may result in future asset impairment charges, such as the goodwill impairment charge we incurred with respect to The Habit Burger Grill reporting unit in the first quarter of 2020.

## Risks Related to Competition

## The retail food industry is highly competitive.

Our Concepts' restaurants compete with international, national and regional restaurant chains as well as locally-owned restaurants, and the retail food industry  in  which  our  Concepts  operate  is  highly  competitive  with  respect  to  price  and  quality  of  food  products,  new  product  development,  digital engagement, advertising levels and promotional initiatives (including the frequent use by our competitors of price discounting, such as through value meal menu  options,  coupons  and  other  methods),  customer  service,  reputation,  restaurant  location,  attractiveness  and  maintenance  of  properties, management and hourly  personnel  and  qualified  franchisees.  Moreover,  if  we  are  unable  to  successfully  respond  to  changing  consumer  or  dietary preferences, if our marketing efforts and/or launch of new products are unsuccessful, or if our Concepts' restaurants are unable to compete successfully with other retail food outlets in new and existing markets, our and our franchisees' businesses could be adversely affected. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has also resulted  in  a  disruption  of  consumer  routines,  the  implementation  of  employer  'work-from-home'  policies,  reduced  business  and recreational travel and changes in consumer behavior, and it is difficult to fully assess the impacts of such developments on us or our Concepts, or the extent to which any such consumer patterns may continue after the COVID-19 pandemic has ended. We also face growing competition as a result of convergence in grocery, convenience, deli and restaurant services, including the offering by the grocery industry of convenient meals, including pizzas and  entrees  with  side  dishes. Competition  from  delivery  aggregators  and  other  food  delivery  services  has  increased  in  recent  years,  particularly  in urbanized areas, and this trend, which has accelerated following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, is expected to continue to increase. Finally, not all of our competitors may seek to establish environmental or sustainability goals at a comparable level to ours, which could result in lower supply chain or operating costs for our competitors. Increased competition could have an adverse effect on our business or development plans.

## Risks Related to Our Indebtedness

Our substantial indebtedness makes us more sensitive to adverse economic conditions, may limit our ability to plan for or respond to significant changes in our business, and requires a significant amount of cash to service our debt payment obligations that we may be unable to generate or obtain.

As of December 31, 2021, our total outstanding short-term borrowings and long-term debt was approximately $11.3 billion. Subject to the limits contained in the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness, we may incur additional debt from time to time, which would increase the risks related to our high level of indebtedness.

Specifically, our high level of indebtedness could have important potential consequences, including, but not limited to:

- increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility to plan for and respond to, adverse economic and industry conditions and changes in our business and the competitive environment, including developments arising from the COVID-19 pandemic;
- requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal of, and interest on, indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of such cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends, share repurchases or other corporate purposes;
- increasing our vulnerability to a downgrade of our credit rating, which could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity and access to capital markets;
- restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures;
- placing us at a disadvantage compared to other less leveraged competitors or competitors with comparable debt at more favorable interest rates;
- increasing our exposure to the risk of increased interest rates insofar as current and future borrowings are subject to variable rates of interest;
- increasing  our  exposure  to  the  risk  of  discontinuance,  replacement  or  modification  of  certain  reference  rates,  including  as  the  result  of  the upcoming discontinuance of LIBOR, which are used to calculate applicable interest rates of our indebtedness and certain derivative instruments that hedge interest rate risk;
- making it more difficult for us to repay, refinance or satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt;
- limiting our ability to borrow additional funds in the future and increasing the cost of any such borrowing;
- imposing restrictive covenants on our operations as the result of the terms of our indebtedness, which, if not complied with, could result in an event of default, which in turn, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of the applicable debt, and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies; and
- increasing our exposure to risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency as we earn profits in a variety of currencies around the world and our debt is primarily denominated in U.S. dollars.

If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or if future debt or equity financings are not available to us on acceptable terms in amounts sufficient to pay our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. As a result, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. There is no assurance that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all. Any inability to generate sufficient cash flow or refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

## Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

The Company has received no written comments regarding its periodic or current reports from the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of its 2021 fiscal year and that remain unresolved.

## Item 2. Properties.

As of year end 2021, the Company's Concepts owned land, building or both for 325 restaurants worldwide in connection with the operation of our 1,051 Company-owned restaurants.  These restaurants are further detailed as follows:

- The KFC Division owned land, building or both for 70 restaurants.
- The Taco Bell Division owned land, building or both for 253 restaurants.
- The Pizza Hut Division owned land, building or both for 2 restaurants.

The Company currently also owns land, building or both related to approximately 500 franchise restaurants that it leases to franchisees and leases land, building or both related to approximately 300 franchise restaurants that it subleases to franchisees, principally in the U.S., United Kingdom, Australia and Germany.

Company-owned  restaurants  in  the  U.S.  with  leases  are  generally  leased  for  initial  terms  of  10  to  20  years  and  generally  have  renewal  options. Company-owned restaurants outside the U.S. with leases have initial lease terms and renewal options that vary by country.

The KFC Division and Pizza Hut Division corporate headquarters and a KFC and Pizza Hut research facility in Plano, Texas are owned by Pizza Hut. Taco Bell Division leases its corporate headquarters and research facility in Irvine, California. The YUM corporate headquarters and a KFC research facility  in  Louisville,  Kentucky  are  owned  by  KFC.  The  Habit  Burger  Grill  Division  leases  its  corporate  headquarters  in  Irvine,  California. Additional information about the Company's properties is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8.

The Company believes that its properties are generally in good operating condition and are suitable for the purposes for which they are being used.

## Item 3. Legal Proceedings .

The Company is subject to various lawsuits covering a variety of allegations. The Company believes that the ultimate liability, if any, in excess of amounts already provided for these matters in the Consolidated Financial Statements, is not likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company's annual results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Matters faced by the Company include, but are not limited to, claims from franchisees, suppliers, employees, customers, governments and others related to operational, foreign exchange, tax, franchise, contractual or employment issues as well as claims  that  the  Company  has  infringed  on  third-party  intellectual  property  rights. In  addition,  the  Company  brings  claims  from  time-to-time  relating  to infringement of, or challenges to, our intellectual property, including registered marks. Finally, as a publicly-traded company, disputes arise from time-totime with our shareholders, including allegations that the Company breached federal securities laws or  that  officers  and/or  directors  breached  fiduciary  duties. Descriptions  of  significant  current  specific  claims  and  contingencies  appear  in  Note  20, Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, which is incorporated by reference into this item.

## Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

## Executive Officers of the Registrant.

The executive officers of the Company as of February 22, 2022, and their ages and current positions as of that date are as follows:

David Gibbs , 58, is Chief Executive Officer of YUM a position he has held since January 2020. Prior to that, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer from August 2019 to December 2019, as President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer from January 2019 to August 2019 and as President and Chief Financial Officer from May 2016 to December 2018. Prior to these positions, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Pizza Hut Division from January 2015 to April 2016. From January 2014 to December 2014, Mr. Gibbs served as President of Pizza Hut U.S. Prior to this position, Mr. Gibbs served as President and Chief Financial Officer of Yum! Restaurants International, Inc. ('YRI') from May 2012 through December 2013. Mr. Gibbs served as Chief Financial Officer of YRI from January 2011 to April 2012. He was Chief Financial Officer of Pizza Hut U.S. from September 2005 to December 2010.

Scott Catlett , 45, is Chief Legal and Franchise Officer and Corporate Secretary of YUM. He has served in this position since July 2020. Prior to that, he served as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of YUM from July 2018 to June 2020 and he served as Vice President and Deputy General Counsel of YUM from November 2015 to June 2018. From September 2007 to October 2015 Mr. Catlett held various YUM positions including Vice President &amp; Associate General Counsel.

Mark King, 62,  is  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  Taco  Bell  Division,  a  position  he  has  held  since  August  2019.  Before  joining  YUM,  Mr.  King  served  as President, adidas Group North America from June 2014 to June 2018 and as Chief Executive Officer of TaylorMade-adidas Golf from 2003 to 2014.

Aaron Powell, 50, is Chief Executive Officer of Pizza Hut Division, a position he has held since September 2021. Before joining YUM, Mr. Powell served in  various positions at Kimberly-Clark from September 2007 to August 2021. Prior to joining Kimberly-Clark, he served in various positions at Bain &amp; Company and Proctor &amp; Gamble.

David Russell , 52, is Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller of YUM. He has served as YUM's Corporate Controller since February 2011 and as Senior Vice President, Finance since February 2017. Prior to serving as Corporate Controller, Mr. Russell served in various positions at the Vice  President  level  in  the  YUM  Finance  Department,  including  Controller-Designate  from  November  2010  to  February  2011  and  Vice  President, Assistant Controller from January 2008 to December 2010.

Sabir Sami, 54, is Chief Executive Officer of KFC Division, a position he has held since January 2022. From January 2020 to December 2021 he served in  a  dual  role  as  KFC Division Chief Operating Officer and Managing Director of KFC Asia. Prior to this, from April 2013 to December 2019, he was Managing  Director  for  the  KFC  Middle  East,  North  Africa,  Pakistan  and  Turkey  markets.  Before  joining  YUM  in  2009,  Mr.  Sami  served  in  various leadership roles at Procter &amp; Gamble, the Coca-Cola Company and Reckitt Benckiser.

Tracy Skeans, 49, is Chief Operating Officer and Chief People Officer of YUM. She has served as Chief Operating Officer since January 2021 and Chief People Officer since January 2016. She also served as Chief Transformation Officer from November 2016 to December 2020. From January 2015 to December 2015, she was President of Pizza Hut International. Prior to this position, Ms. Skeans served as Chief People Officer of Pizza Hut Division from December 2013 to December 2014 and Chief People Officer of Pizza Hut U.S. from October 2011 to November 2013. From July 2009 to September 2011, she served as Director of Human Resources for Pizza Hut U.S and was on the Pizza Hut U.S. Finance team from September 2000 to June 2009.

Christopher Turner ,  47, is Chief Financial Officer of YUM, a position he has held since August 2019. Before joining YUM, he served as Senior Vice President  and  General  Manager  in  PepsiCo's  retail  and  e-commerce  businesses  with  Walmart  in  the  U.S.  and  more  than  25  countries  and  across PepsiCo's brands from December 2017 to July 2019. Prior to leading PepsiCo's

Walmart business, he served in various positions including Senior Vice President of Transformation for PepsiCo's Frito-Lay North America business from July 2017 to December 2017 and Senior Vice President of Strategy for Frito-Lay from February 2016 to June 2017. Prior to joining PepsiCo, he was a partner in the Dallas office of McKinsey &amp; Company, a strategic management consulting firm.

Executive officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors.

## PART II

## Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Stock, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

## Market Information and Dividend Policy

The Company's Common Stock trades under the symbol YUM and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange ('NYSE').

As of February 15, 2022, there were 37,439 registered holders of record of the Company's Common Stock.

In 2021, the Company declared and paid four cash dividends of $0.50 per share. In February 2022, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.57 per  share  to  be  distributed  March  11,  2022  to  shareholders  of  record  at  the  close  of  business  on  February  18,  2022.  Future  decisions  to  pay  cash dividends continue to be at the discretion  of  the  Board  of  Directors  and  will  be  dependent  on  our  operating  performance,  financial  condition,  capital expenditure requirements and other factors that the Board of Directors considers relevant.

## Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The following table provides information as of December 31, 2021, with respect to shares of Common Stock repurchased by the Company during the quarter then ended.

| Fiscal Periods  Total number  of shares  purchased  (thousands)  Average price  paid per share  Total number of shares  purchased as part of  publicly announced plans  or programs  (thousands)  Approximate dollar value  of shares that may yet be  purchased under the plans  or programs  (millions)  10/1/21 - 10/31/21  1,303  $  124.89  1,303  $  1,507  11/1/21 - 11/30/21  2,177  $  126.00  2,177  $  1,233  12/1/21 - 12/31/21  2,153  $  131.22  2,153  $  950  Total  5,633  $  127.74  5,633  $  950   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In May 2021, our Board of Directors authorized share repurchases from July 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022 of up to $2 billion (excluding applicable transaction fees) of our outstanding Common Stock. As of December 31, 2021, we have remaining capacity to repurchase up to $950 million of Common Stock under this authorization.

## Stock Performance Graph

This graph compares the cumulative total return of our Common Stock to the cumulative total return of the S&amp;P 500 Index and the S&amp;P 500 Consumer Discretionary Sector Index, a peer group that includes YUM, for the period from December 30, 2016 to December 31, 2021. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our Common Stock and each index was $100 at December 30, 2016, and that all cash dividends were reinvested.

<!-- image -->

YUM S&amp;P 500 S&amp;P 500 Consumer Discretionary

| 12/30/2016  12/29/2017  12/31/2018  12/31/2019  12/30/2020  12/31/2021  YUM  $  100  $  131  $  150  $  167  $  184  $  239  S&amp;P 500  $  100  $  122  $  116  $  153  $  181  $  233  S&amp;P Consumer  Discretionary  $  100  $  123  $  124  $  159  $  211  $  263   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Source of total return data: Bloomberg

## Item 6. [Reserved]

## Item 7.

## Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

## Introduction and Overview

The following Management's Discussion and Analysis ('MD&amp;A'), should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements ('Financial Statements') in Item 8 and the Forward-Looking Statements and the Risk Factors set forth in Item 1A. All Note references herein refer to the Notes to the Financial Statements. Tabular amounts are displayed in millions of U.S. dollars except per share and unit count amounts, or as otherwise specifically identified. Percentages may not recompute due to rounding.

Yum! Brands, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to herein as the 'Company', 'YUM', 'we', 'us' or 'our') franchise or operate a system of over 53,000 restaurants in 157 countries and territories, primarily under the concepts of KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and The Habit Burger Grill (collectively, the 'Concepts').  The  Company's  KFC,  Taco  Bell  and  Pizza  Hut  brands  are  global  leaders  of  the  chicken,  Mexican-style  and  pizza  food  categories, respectively. The Habit Burger Grill, a concept we acquired in March 2020, is a fast-casual restaurant concept specializing in made-to-order chargrilled burgers, sandwiches and more. Of the over 53,000 restaurants, 98% are operated by franchisees.

As of December 31, 2021, YUM consists of four operating segments:

- The KFC Division which includes our worldwide operations of the KFC concept
- The Taco Bell Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Taco Bell concept
- The Pizza Hut Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Pizza Hut concept
- The Habit Burger Grill Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Habit Burger Grill concept

Through our Recipe for Growth and Good we intend to unlock the growth potential of our Concepts and YUM, drive increased collaboration across our Concepts and geographies and consistently deliver better customer experiences, improved unit economics and higher rates of growth. Key enablers include accelerated use of technology and better leverage of our systemwide scale.

Our Recipe for Growth is based on four key drivers:

- Unrivaled Culture and Talent: Leverage our culture and people capability to fuel brand performance and franchise success
- Unmatched Operating Capability: Recruit and equip the best restaurant operators in the world to deliver great customer experiences
- Relevant, Easy and Distinctive Brands: Innovate and elevate iconic restaurant brands people trust and champion
- Bold Restaurant Development: Drive market and franchise expansion with strong economics and value

Our global citizenship and sustainability strategy, called the Recipe for Good, reflects our priorities for socially responsible growth, risk management and sustainable stewardship of our people, food and planet.

We intend to drive long-term growth and shareholder returns primarily through consistent same-store sales growth and new unit development across all of our Concepts. We intend to support this growth and development through a capital and operating structure that:

- Targets a capital structure of ~5.0x Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization ('EBITDA') consolidated net leverage;
- Invests capital in a manner consistent with an asset light, franchisor model;
- Allocates G&amp;A in an efficient manner that provides leverage to operating profit growth while at the same time opportunistically investing in strategic growth initiatives; and
- Pays a competitive dividend and returns excess cash to shareholders through share repurchases.

We intend for this MD&amp;A to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our results of operations, including performance metrics that management uses to assess the Company's performance. Throughout this MD&amp;A, we commonly discuss the following performance metrics:

- Same-store sales growth is the estimated percentage change in system sales of all restaurants that have been open and in the YUM system for one year or more (except as noted below), including those temporarily closed. From time-to-time restaurants may be temporarily closed due to remodeling or image enhancement, rebuilding, natural disasters, health epidemic or pandemic, landlord disputes or other issues. Throughout 2020 and 2021 we have had a significant number of restaurants that were temporarily closed including restaurants closed due to government and landlord restrictions as a result of COVID-19. The system sales of restaurants we deem temporarily closed remain in our base for purposes of determining same-store sales growth and the restaurants remain in our unit count (see below). We believe same-store sales growth is useful to investors because our results are heavily  dependent  on  the  results  of  our  Concepts'  existing  store  base. Additionally,  same-store  sales  growth  is  reflective  of  the  strength  of  our Brands, the effectiveness of our operational and advertising initiatives and local economic and consumer trends. In 2021 and 2020, when calculating respective same-store sales growth we also included in our prior year base the sales of stores that were added as a result of our acquisition of The Habit Restaurants, Inc. on March 18, 2020, and that were open for one year or more. In 2019, when calculating same-store sales growth we also included in our prior year base the sales of stores that were added as a result of the Food Delivery Brands Group, S.A. (previously named Telepizza Group S.A. ('Telepizza')) strategic alliance in December 2018 and that were open for one year or more. See additional discussion of the acquisition of The Habit Restaurants, Inc. and Telepizza strategic alliance within this MD&amp;A.
- Gross unit openings reflects new openings by us and our franchisees. Net new unit growth reflects gross unit openings offset by permanent store closures,  by  us  and  our  franchisees.  To  determine  whether  a  restaurant  meets  the  definition  of  a  unit  we  consider  factors  such  as  whether  the restaurant has operations that are ongoing and independent from another YUM unit, serves the primary product of one of our Concepts, operates under a separate franchise agreement (if operated by a franchisee) and has substantial and sustainable sales. We believe gross unit openings and net new unit growth are useful to investors because we depend on new units for a significant portion of our growth. Additionally, gross unit openings and  net  new  unit  growth  are  generally  reflective  of  the  economic  returns  to  us  and  our  franchisees  from  opening  and  operating  our  Concept restaurants.
- System sales, System sales excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation ('FX'), and System sales excluding FX and the impact of the 53 week in  2019  for  our  U.S.  subsidiaries  and  certain  international  subsidiaries  that  operate  on  a  weekly  period  calendar. System  sales  reflect  the results  of  all  restaurants  regardless  of  ownership,  including  Company-owned  and  franchise  restaurants.  Sales  at  franchise  restaurants  typically generate ongoing franchise and license fees for the Company at a rate of 3% to 6% of sales. Increasingly, customers are paying a fee to a third party to deliver or facilitate the ordering of our Concepts' products. We also include in System sales any portion of the amount customers pay these third parties for which the third party is obligated to pay us a license fee as a percentage of such amount. Franchise restaurant sales and fees paid by customers to third  parties  to  deliver  or  facilitate  the  ordering  of  our  Concepts'  products  are  not  included  in  Company  sales  on  the  Consolidated Statements of Income; however, any resulting franchise and license fees we receive are included in the Company's revenues. We believe System sales growth is useful to investors as a significant indicator of the overall strength of our business as it incorporates our primary revenue drivers, Company and franchise same-store sales as well as net unit growth. rd

In addition to the results provided in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America ('GAAP'), the Company provides the following non-GAAP measurements.

- Diluted Earnings Per Share excluding Special Items (as defined below);
- Effective Tax Rate excluding Special Items;
- Core Operating Profit and Core Operating Profit excluding the impact of the 53rd week in 2019. Core Operating Profit excludes Special Items and FX and we use Core Operating Profit for the purposes of evaluating performance internally;
- Company restaurant profit and Company restaurant margin as a percentage of sales (as defined below).

These non-GAAP measurements are not intended to replace the presentation of our financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the Company believes  that  the  presentation  of  these  non-GAAP  measurements  provide  additional  information  to  investors  to  facilitate  the  comparison  of  past  and present operations.

Special Items are not included in any of our Division segment results as the Company does not believe they are indicative of our ongoing operations due to their size and/or nature. Our chief operating decision maker does not consider the impact of Special Items when assessing segment performance.

Company restaurant profit  is  defined  as  Company  sales  less  Company  restaurant  expenses,  both  of  which  appear  on  the  face  of  our  Consolidated Statements  of  Income.  Company  restaurant  expenses  include  those  expenses  incurred  directly  by  our  Company-owned  restaurants  in  generating Company  sales,  including  cost  of  food  and  paper,  cost  of  restaurant-level  labor,  rent,  depreciation  and  amortization  of  restaurant-level  assets  and advertising expenses incurred by and on behalf of that Company restaurant. Company restaurant margin as a percentage of sales ("Company restaurant margin  %")  is  defined  as  Company  restaurant  profit  divided  by  Company  sales.  We  use  Company  restaurant  profit  for  the  purposes  of  internally evaluating the performance of our Company-owned restaurants and we believe Company restaurant profit provides useful information to investors as to the profitability  of  our  Company-owned restaurants. In calculating Company restaurant profit, the Company excludes revenues and expenses directly associated with our franchise operations as well as non-restaurant-level costs included in General and administrative expenses, some of which may support  Company-owned  restaurant  operations.  The  Company  also  excludes  restaurant-level  asset  impairment  and  closures  expenses,  which  have historically  not  been  significant,  from  the  determination  of  Company  restaurant  profit  as  such  expenses  are  not  believed  to  be  indicative  of  ongoing operations. Company restaurant profit and Company restaurant margin % as presented may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies in the industry.

Certain performance metrics and non-GAAP measurements are presented excluding the impact of FX. These amounts are derived by translating current year results at prior year average exchange rates. We believe the elimination of the FX impact provides better year-to-year comparability without the distortion of foreign currency fluctuations.

For 2019 we provided Core Operating Profit excluding the impact of the 53rd week and System sales excluding FX and the impact of the 53rd week to further enhance the comparability given the 53rd week that was part of our fiscal calendar in 2019.

## Results of Operations

## Summary

All comparisons within this summary are versus the same period a year ago and unless otherwise stated include the impact of a 53rd week in 2019. For discussion of our results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019, refer to the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021.

For 2021, GAAP diluted EPS increased 77% to $5.21 per share, and diluted EPS, excluding Special Items, increased 23% to $4.46 per share.

2021 financial highlights:

| % Change  System Sales,  ex FX  Same-Store Sales  Net New Units  GAAP Operating Profit  Core Operating Profit  KFC Division  +16  +11  +8  +33  +29  Taco Bell Division  +13  +11  +5  +9  +9  Pizza Hut Division  +6  +7  +4  +16  +13  Worldwide  +13  +10  +6  +42  +18   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Additionally:

- During the year, 4,180 gross units were opened contributing to the addition of 3,057 net new units
- During the year, we repurchased 13 million shares totaling $1,580 million at an average price of $121.70.
- Foreign currency translation favorably impacted Divisional Operating Profit for the year by $54 million.

## Worldwide

## GAAP Results

| Amount  % B/(W)  2021  2020  2019  2021  2020  Company sales  $  2,106  $  1,810  $  1,546  16  17  Franchise and property revenues  2,900  2,510  2,660  16  (6)  Franchise contributions for advertising and other services  1,578  1,332  1,391  18  (4)  Total revenues  6,584  5,652  5,597  16  1  Company restaurant expenses  $  1,725  $  1,506  $  1,235  (15)  (22)  G&amp;A expenses  1,060  1,064  917  -  (16)  Franchise and property expenses  117  145  180  18  20  Franchise advertising and other services expense  1,576  1,314  1,368  (20)  4  Refranchising (gain) loss  (35)  (34)  (37)  2  (9)  Other (income) expense  2  154  4  NM  NM  Total costs and expenses, net  4,445  4,149  3,667  (7)  (13)  Operating Profit  2,139  1,503  1,930  42  (22)  Investment (income) expense, net  (86)  (74)  67  16  211  Other pension (income) expense  7  14  4  48  (235)  Interest expense, net  544  543  486  -  (12)  Income before income taxes  1,674  1,020  1,373  64  (26)  Income tax provision  99  116  79  15  (48)  Net Income  $  1,575  $  904  $  1,294  74  (30)  Diluted EPS  $  5.21  $  2.94  $  4.14  77  (29)  Effective tax rate  5.9 %  11.4 %  5.7 %  5.5  ppts.  (5.7)  ppts.  (a)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) See Note 4 for the number of shares used in this calculation.

## Performance Metrics

| % Increase  (Decrease)  Unit Count  2021  2020  2019  2021  2020  Franchise  52,373  49,255  49,257  6  -  Company-owned  1,051  1,098  913  (4)  20  Total  53,424  50,353  50,170  6  -  2021  2020  2019  Same-Store Sales Growth (Decline) %  10  (6)  3  System Sales Growth (Decline) %, reported  16  (4)  7  System Sales Growth (Decline) %, excluding FX  13  (4)  9  System Sales Growth (Decline) %, excluding FX and 53rd week  N/A  (3)  8   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our system sales breakdown by Company and franchise sales was as follows:

| Year  2021  2020  2019  Consolidated  Company sales  $  2,106  $  1,810  $  1,546  Franchise sales  56,082  48,549  51,038  System sales  58,188  50,359  52,584  Foreign Currency Impact on System sales  1,277  (199)  N/A  System sales, excluding FX  56,911  50,558  52,584  Impact of 53rd week  N/A  N/A  454  System sales, excluding FX and 53rd Week  $  56,911  $  50,558  $  52,130  KFC Division  Company sales  $  596  $  506  $  571  Franchise sales  30,769  25,783  27,329  System sales  31,365  26,289  27,900  Foreign Currency Impact on System sales  1,000  (192)  N/A  System sales, excluding FX  30,365  26,481  27,900  Impact of 53rd week  N/A  N/A  167  System sales, excluding FX and 53rd Week  $  30,365  $  26,481  $  27,733  Taco Bell Division  Company sales  $  944  $  882  $  921  Franchise sales  12,336  10,863  10,863  System sales  13,280  11,745  11,784  Foreign Currency Impact on System sales  17  (2)  N/A  System sales, excluding FX  13,263  11,747  11,784  Impact of 53rd week  N/A  N/A  184  System sales, excluding FX and 53rd Week  $  13,263  $  11,747  $  11,600  Pizza Hut Division  Company sales  $  46  $  76  $  54  Franchise sales  12,909  11,879  12,846  System sales  12,955  11,955  12,900  Foreign Currency Impact on System sales  260  (5)  N/A  System sales, excluding FX  12,695  11,960  12,900  Impact of 53rd week  N/A  N/A  103  System sales, excluding FX and 53rd Week  $  12,695  $  11,960  $  12,797  Habit Burger Grill Division  Company sales  $  520  $  346  N/A  Franchise sales  68  24  N/A  System sales  588  370  N/A  Foreign Currency Impact on System sales  -  -  N/A  System sales, excluding FX  $  588  $  370  N/A  (a)  (b)  (a)  (b)  (a)  (b)  (a)  (b)  (c)  (a)  (b)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Company sales represents sales from our Company-operated stores as presented on our Consolidated Statements of Income.

- (b) The foreign  currency  impact  on  System  sales  is  presented  in  relation  only  to  the  immediately  preceding  year  presented. When  determining applicable System sales growth percentages, the System sales excluding FX for the current year should be compared to the prior year System sales prior to adjustment for the prior year FX impact.
- (c) System sales for the Habit Burger Grill Division is shown since our March 18, 2020 acquisition date.

## Non-GAAP Items

Non-GAAP Items, along with the reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP financial measure, are presented below.

2021

Core Operating Profit Growth %

Core Operating Profit Growth %, excluding 53rd week

Diluted EPS Growth %, excluding Special Items

Effective Tax Rate excluding Special Items

Company restaurant profit

Company restaurant margin %

18

N/A

23

21.4 %

2021

381

18.1 %

(8)

(7)

2

15.9 %

2020

304

16.8 %

12

11

12

19.8 %

2019

311

20.1 %

| Year  Detail of Special Items  2021  2020  2019  Refranchising gain (loss)  $  3  $  8  $  12  Costs associated with acquisition and integration of Habit Burger Grill (See Note 3)  (4)  (9)  (1)  Impairment of Habit Burger Grill goodwill (See Note 3)  -  (144)  -  Unlocking Opportunity Initiative contribution (See Note 5)  -  (50)  -  COVID-19 relief contribution (See Note 5)  -  (25)  -  Charges associated with resource optimization (See Note 5)  (9)  (36)  -  Costs associated with Pizza Hut U.S. Transformation Agreement  -  (5)  (13)  Other Special Items Income (Expense)  1  (6)  (9)  Special Items Income (Expense) - Operating Profit  (9)  (267)  (11)  Charges associated with resource optimization - Other pension (expense) income (See Note 5)  1  (2)  -  Interest expense, net  (34)  (34)  (2)  Special Items Income (Expense) before Income Taxes  (42)  (303)  (13)  Tax Benefit (Expense) on Special Items  17  65  (30)  Tax Benefit - Intra-entity transfer of intellectual property (see Note 5)  251  28  226  Special Items Income (Expense), net of tax  $  226  $  (210)  $  183  Average diluted shares outstanding  302  307  313  Special Items diluted EPS  $  0.75  $  (0.68)  $  0.59  (a)  (b)  (c)  (c) (d)  (e)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) Due to their size and volatility we have reflected as Special Items those refranchising gains and losses that were recorded in connection with our previously announced plans to have at least 98% franchise restaurant ownership by the end of 2018. As such, refranchising gains and losses recorded during 2021, 2020 and 2019 as Special Items are directly associated with restaurants that were refranchised prior to the end of 2018.

During  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021,  2020  and  2019,  we  recorded  net  refranchising  gains  of  $3  million,  $8  million  and  $12  million, respectively, that have been reflected as Special Items.

Additionally, during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we recorded net refranchising gains of $32 million, $26 million, and $25 million, respectively, that have not been reflected as Special Items. These gains relate to

$

$

2020

$

2019

refranchising of restaurants in 2021, 2020 and 2019 that were not part of our aforementioned plans to achieve 98% franchise ownership and that we believe are now more indicative of our expected ongoing refranchising activity.

- (b) In  May  2017,  we  reached  an  agreement  with  our  Pizza  Hut  U.S.  franchisees  that  improved  brand  marketing  alignment,  accelerated enhancements  in  operations  and  technology  and  that  included  a  permanent  commitment  to  incremental  advertising  as  well  as  digital  and technology contributions by franchisees. In connection with this agreement, we recognized charges of $5 million and $13 million in the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, related to operating investments required as part of this agreement. The majority of these costs were recorded within Franchise and property expenses. Based on their nature and the significance in related spending in 2017, these charges have been reflected as Special Items.
- (c) During the second quarter of 2019, we recorded charges of $8 million and $2 million to Other (income) expense and Interest expense, net, respectively, related to cash payments in excess of our recorded liability to settle contingent consideration associated with our 2013 acquisition of the KFC Turkey and Pizza Hut Turkey businesses. Consistent with prior adjustments to the recorded contingent consideration we have reflected this as a Special Item.
- (d) On  June  1,  2021,  certain  subsidiaries  of  the  Company  redeemed  $1,050  million  aggregate  principal  amount  of  5.25%  Subsidiary  Senior Unsecured Notes due in 2026 (the '2026 Notes'). The redemption amount was equal to 102.625% of the $1,050 million aggregate principal amount redeemed, reflecting a $28 million 'call premium'. We recognized the call premium and the write-off of $6 million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the 2026 Notes within Interest expense, net.

On September 9, 2020, KFC Holding Co., Pizza Hut Holdings, LLC and Taco Bell of America, LLC, each of which a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued a notice of redemption for $1,050 million aggregate principal amount of 5.00% Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes due in 2024 (the "2024 Notes"). The redemption amount included a $26 million call premium plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption of October 9, 2020. We recorded the call premium, $6 million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the 2024 Notes and $2 million of accrued and unpaid interest associated with the period of time from prepayment of the 2024 Notes with the Trustee on September 25, 2020, to their redemption date within Interest expense, net.

We reflected the call premiums and charges associated with the redemptions as Special Items due to their collective size and the fact that the amounts are not indicative of our ongoing interest expense.

- (e) Tax  (Expense)  Benefit  on  Special  Items  was  determined  based  upon  the  impact  of  the  nature,  as  well  as  the  jurisdiction  of  the  respective individual components within Special Items.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded as a Special Item an $8 million tax benefit related to prior refranchisings for which the associated pre-tax gain or loss was recorded as Special. Further, in the fourth quarter of 2019, we increased our Income tax provision by $34 million to record a reserve against the tax recorded on a prior year divestiture, the effects of which were previously recorded as a Special Item.

| ## Reconciliation of GAAP Operating Profit to Core Operating Profit and Core Operating Profit, excluding 53rd Week  Year  2021  2020  2019  Consolidated  GAAP Operating Profit  $  2,139  $  1,503  $  1,930  Special Items Income (Expense) - Operating Profit  (9)  (267)  (11)  Foreign Currency Impact on Divisional Operating Profit  54  (9)  N/A  Core Operating Profit  2,094  1,779  1,941  Impact of 53rd Week  N/A  N/A  24  Core Operating Profit, excluding 53rd Week  $  2,094  $  1,779  $  1,917  KFC Division  GAAP Operating Profit  $  1,230  $  922  $  1,052  Foreign Currency Impact on Divisional Operating Profit  45  (9)  N/A  Core Operating Profit  1,185  931  1,052  Impact of 53rd Week  N/A  N/A  8  Core Operating Profit, excluding 53rd Week  $  1,185  $  931  $  1,044  Taco Bell Division  GAAP Operating Profit  $  758  $  696  $  683  Foreign Currency Impact on Divisional Operating Profit  1  -  N/A  Core Operating Profit  757  696  683  Impact of 53rd Week  N/A  N/A  13  Core Operating Profit, excluding 53rd Week  $  757  $  696  $  670  Pizza Hut Division  GAAP Operating Profit  $  387  $  335  $  369  Foreign Currency Impact on Divisional Operating Profit  8  -  N/A  Core Operating Profit  379  335  369  Impact of 53rd Week  N/A  N/A  3  Core Operating Profit, excluding 53rd Week  $  379  $  335  $  366  Habit Burger Grill Division  GAAP Operating Profit  $  2  $  (22)  N/A  Foreign Currency Impact on Divisional Operating Profit  -  -  N/A  Core Operating Profit  $  2  $  (22)  N/A  Reconciliation of Diluted EPS to Diluted EPS excluding Special Items  Diluted EPS  $  5.21  $  2.94  $  4.14  Special Items Diluted EPS  0.75  (0.68)  0.59  Diluted EPS excluding Special Items  $  4.46  $  3.62  $  3.55  Reconciliation of GAAP Effective Tax Rate to Effective Tax Rate, excluding Special  Items  GAAP Effective Tax Rate  5.9 %  11.4 %  5.7 %  Impact on Tax Rate as a result of Special Items  (15.5)%  (4.5)%  (14.1)%  Effective Tax Rate excluding Special Items  21.4 %  15.9 %  19.8 %  (a)  (a)  (a)  (a)  (a)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) The  foreign  currency  impact  on  reported  Operating  Profit  is  presented  in  relation  only  to  the  immediately  preceding  year  presented.  When determining applicable Core Operating Profit growth percentages, the Core Operating Profit for the current year should be compared to the prior year GAAP Operating Profit adjusted only for any prior year Special Items Income (Expense).

Reconciliation of GAAP Operating Profit to Company Restaurant Profit

| 2021  KFC Division  Taco Bell  Division  Pizza Hut  Division  Habit Burger  Grill Division  Corporate and  Unallocated  Consolidated  GAAP Operating Profit (Loss)  $  1,230  $  758  $  387  $  2  $  (238)  $  2,139  Less:  Franchise and property revenues  1,557  742  597  4  -  2,900  Franchise contributions for advertising and  other services  640  552  385  1  -  1,578  Add:  General and administrative expenses  377  174  201  48  260  1,060  Franchise and property expenses  74  33  11  -  (1)  117  Franchise advertising and other services  expense  627  553  395  1  -  1,576  Refranchising (gain) loss  -  -  -  -  (35)  (35)  Other (income) expense  (5)  1  (9)  1  14  2  Company restaurant profit  $  106  $  225  $  3  $  47  $  -  $  381  Company sales  $  596  $  944  $  46  $  520  $  -  $  2,106  Company restaurant margin %  17.7 %  23.9 %  6.8 %  9.0 %  N/A  18.1  %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2020  KFC Division  Taco Bell  Division  Pizza Hut  Division  Habit Burger  Grill Division  Corporate and  Unallocated  Consolidated  GAAP Operating Profit (Loss)  $  922  $  696  $  335  $  (22)  $  (428)  $  1,503  Less:  Franchise and property revenues  1,295  662  552  1  -  2,510  Franchise contributions for advertising and  other services  471  487  374  -  -  1,332  Add:  General and administrative expenses  346  158  215  33  312  1,064  Franchise and property expenses  91  33  17  -  4  145  Franchise advertising and other services  expense  465  484  365  -  -  1,314  Refranchising (gain) loss  -  -  -  -  (34)  (34)  Other (income) expense  9  3  (3)  (1)  146  154  Company restaurant profit  $  67  $  225  $  3  $  9  $  -  $  304  Company sales  $  506  $  882  $  76  $  346  $  -  $  1,810  Company restaurant margin %  13.2 %  25.5 %  5.1 %  2.6 %  N/A  16.8  %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2019  KFC Division  Taco Bell  Division  Pizza Hut  Division  Corporate and  Unallocated  Consolidated  GAAP Operating Profit (Loss)  $  1,052  $  683  $  369  $  (174)  $  1,930  Less:  Franchise and property revenues  1,390  673  597  -  2,660  Franchise contributions for advertising and other services  530  485  376  -  1,391  Add:  General and administrative expenses  346  181  202  188  917  Franchise and property expenses  89  38  39  14  180  Franchise advertising and other services expense  520  481  367  -  1,368  Refranchising (gain) loss  -  -  -  (37)  (37)  Other (income) expense  -  (4)  (1)  9  4  Company restaurant profit  $  87  $  221  $  3  $  -  $  311  Company sales  $  571  $  921  $  54  $  -  $  1,546  Company restaurant margin %  15.3 %  24.0 %  4.2 %  N/A  20.1  %   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Items Impacting Reported Results and/or Reasonably Likely to Impact Future Results

The following items impacted reported results in 2021 and/or 2020 and/or are reasonably likely to impact future results. See also the Detail of Special Items section of this M&amp;DA for other items similarly impacting results.

## COVID-19

In late 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, was first detected and in March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic. Throughout 2020 and 2021, COVID-19 spread throughout the U.S. and the rest of the world and governmental authorities have implemented measures to reduce the spread of COVID-19. These measures include restrictions on travel outside the home and other limitations on business and other activities as well as encouraging social distancing. As a result of COVID-19, we and our franchisees have experienced significant store closures and instances of reduced store-level operations, including reduced operating hours and dining-room closures. The impact on our sales in each of our markets has been dependent on the timing, severity and duration of the outbreak, measures implemented by government authorities to reduce the spread of COVID-19, as well as our reliance on dine-in sales in the market.

Our results were significantly impacted by the impacts of COVID-19 in the year ended December 31, 2020, as evidenced by our worldwide same-store sales decline of 6%. Overall, our sales declines were primarily driven by temporary store closures, which peaked in early April 2020 at about 11,000 restaurants and ended 2020 at about 830 restaurants. In addition to the loss of sales due to restaurants being temporarily closed, we also lost sales due to dining room closures or other limitations on access.

Beginning in 2020 and continuing throughout 2021 we were able to mitigate the loss of sales due to temporary unit closures, dining room closures or other limitations on access through the strength of our off-premise channels, aided by increasing consumer access to our brands via digital channels. As a result, each of our Concepts recorded positive same-store sales growth for the year, contributing to our worldwide same-store sales increase of 10% in 2021 which was driven by strong performance in developed markets such as North America and the United Kingdom. As we ended the year, COVID-19 outbreaks and resulting government restrictions limiting mobility continued to impact sales in a few key markets, primarily in Asia. We also saw strong gross unit openings of 4,180 units for the year ended December 31, 2021, which we believe is primarily a result of improving unit-level economics, our franchisees' financial strength and commitment to our Concepts, the inherent competitive advantages of the Quick Service Restaurant sector throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, our Concepts' off-premise and digital capabilities, as well as selective use of development incentives with certain franchisees.

The COVID-19 situation is ongoing, and its dynamic nature makes it difficult to forecast any impacts on the Company's 2022 results. The ultimate pace of our recovery will largely depend on the continuation of current sales trends, although we expect continuing adverse impacts from COVID-19 in certain parts of the world. In addition, for our restaurants that prominently feature drive-thru, carryout and delivery options, COVID-19 has in many cases contributed to an increase in sales during 2021 and 2020. If the impact of COVID-19 recedes, in-person dining restrictions are lifted or lessened and the restaurant industry in general returns to more normal operations, the benefits to sales experienced by certain of our restaurants, including our Pizza Hut delivery restaurants, could wane and our results could be negatively impacted.

## Franchise Bad Debt Expense

We experienced significant quarterly fluctuations in franchise bad debt expense in 2021 and 2020 due in large part to the uncertainties associated with COVID-19. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized net bad debt recoveries of $8 million related to short-term accounts receivable due from our franchisees for royalties, rent and other services we provide, which were primarily reflected within Franchise and property expenses. These net bad debt recoveries of $8 million compared to $13 million of net bad debt expense recognized in the year ended December 31, 2020, and thus positively impacted Operating Profit growth by $21 million year-over-year.

## Investment in Devyani

In  2020,  we  received  an  approximate  5%  minority  interest  in  Devyani  International  Limited  ('Devyani'),  an  entity  that  operates  KFC  and  Pizza  Hut franchised units in India. The minority interest was received in lieu of cash proceeds upon the refranchising of approximately 60 KFC restaurants in India. At the time of the refranchisings, the fair value of this minority interest was estimated to be approximately $31 million. On August 16, 2021, Devyani executed an initial public offering and subsequently the fair value of this investment became readily determinable. As a result, concurrent with the initial public offering we began recording changes in fair value in Investment (income) expense, net in our Consolidated Statements of Income and recognized pre-tax investment income of $87 million, in the year ended December 31, 2021.

## Investment in Grubhub, Inc. ("Grubhub")

In April of 2018 we purchased 2.8 million shares of Grubhub common stock for $200 million. In the quarter ended September 30, 2020, we sold our entire investment in Grubhub and received proceeds of $206 million. While we held our investment in Grubhub common stock we recognized changes in the fair value in our investment in our Consolidated Statements of Income. For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, we recognized pre-tax investment income of $69 million and pre-tax investment expense of $77 million, respectively, related to changes in fair value of our investment in Grubhub common stock.

## Extra Week in 2019

Fiscal 2019 included a 53rd week for all of our U.S. and certain international subsidiaries that operate on a period calendar. See Note 2 for additional details related to our fiscal calendar. The following table summarizes the estimated impact of the 53rd week on Revenues and Operating Profit for the year ended December 31, 2019. The 53rd week in 2019 favorably impacted Diluted EPS by $0.05 per share.

| KFC Division  Taco Bell  Division  Pizza Hut  Division  Total  Revenues  Company sales  $  8  $  15  $  1  $  24  Franchise and property revenues  9  10  5  24  Franchise contributions for advertising and other services  5  8  5  18  Total revenues  $  22  $  33  $  11  $  66  Operating Profit  Franchise and property revenues  $  9  $  10  $  5  $  24  Franchise contributions for advertising and other services  5  8  5  18  Restaurant profit  1  5  -  6  Franchise and property expenses  -  -  (1)  (1)  Franchise advertising and other services expenses  (5)  (8)  (5)  (18)  G&amp;A expenses  (2)  (2)  (1)  (5)  Operating Profit  $  8  $  13  $  3  $  24   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## KFC Division

The KFC Division has 26,934 units, 85% of which are located outside the U.S. Additionally, 99% of the KFC Division units were operated by franchisees as of the end of 2021.

| % B/(W)  % B/(W)  2021  2020  2021  2020  2019  Reported  Ex FX  Reported  Ex FX  Ex FX and 53  Week in 2019  System Sales  $  31,365  $  26,289  $  27,900  19  16  (6)  (5)  (5)  Same-Store Sales Growth %  11  N/A  (9)  N/A  N/A  Company sales  $  596  $  506  $  571  18  12  (11)  (9)  (8)  Franchise and property revenues  1,557  1,295  1,390  20  17  (7)  (6)  (5)  Franchise contributions for  advertising and other services  640  471  530  36  30  (11)  (10)  (9)  Total revenues  $  2,793  $  2,272  $  2,491  23  18  (9)  (8)  (7)  Company restaurant profit  $  106  $  67  $  87  58  48  (24)  (24)  (22)  Company restaurant margin %  17.7 %  13.2 %  15.3 %  4.5  ppts.  4.3  ppts.  (2.1) ppts.  (2.4)  ppts.  (2.4) ppts.  G&amp;A expenses  $  377  $  346  $  346  (9)  (7)  -  (1)  (1)  Franchise and property  expenses  74  91  89  18  20  (2)  (2)  (3)  Franchise advertising and other  services expense  627  465  520  (35)  (29)  11  9  8  Operating Profit  $  1,230  $  922  $  1,052  33  29  (12)  (12)  (11)  % Increase (Decrease)  Unit Count  2021  2020  2019  2021  2020  Franchise  26,643  24,710  23,759  8  4  Company-owned  291  290  345  -  (16)  Total  26,934  25,000  24,104  8  4  rd   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Company sales and Company restaurant margin %

In 2021, the increase in Company sales, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by company same-store sales growth of 17%, partially offset by refranchising.

In 2021, the increase in Company restaurant margin percentage was driven by company same-store sales growth, partially offset by higher restaurant operating costs.

## Franchise and property revenues

In 2021, the increase in Franchise and property revenues, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by franchise same-store sales growth of 11% and unit growth.

## G&amp;A

In  2021,  the  increase  in  G&amp;A,  excluding  the  impact  of  foreign  currency  translation,  was  driven  by  higher  expenses  related  to  our  annual  incentive compensation program and higher professional fees, partially offset by lower share-based compensation.

## Operating Profit

In 2021, the increase in Operating Profit, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by same-store sales growth, unit growth, and current year net bad debt recoveries lapping prior year net bad debt expense for past due franchise receivables, partially offset by higher G&amp;A.

## Taco Bell Division

The Taco Bell Division has 7,791 units, 90% of which are in the U.S. The Company owned 7% of the Taco Bell units in the U.S. as of the end of 2021.

| % B/(W)  % B/(W)  2021  2020  2021  2020  2019  Reported  Ex FX  Reported  Ex FX  Ex FX and  53  Week in  2019  System Sales  $  13,280  $  11,745  $  11,784  13  13  -  -  1  Same-Store Sales Growth %  11  N/A  (1)  N/A  N/A  Company sales  $  944  $  882  $  921  7  7  (4)  (4)  (3)  Franchise and property revenues  742  662  673  12  12  (2)  (2)  -  Franchise contributions for  advertising and other services  552  487  485  14  14  -  -  2  Total revenues  $  2,238  $  2,031  $  2,079  10  10  (2)  (2)  (1)  Company restaurant profit  $  225  $  225  $  221  -  -  2  2  4  Company restaurant margin %  23.9 %  25.5 %  24.0 %  (1.6) ppts.  (1.6) ppts.  1.5  ppts.  1.5  ppts.  1.6  ppts.  G&amp;A expenses  $  174  $  158  $  181  (11)  (10)  13  13  12  Franchise and property expenses  33  33  38  (3)  (3)  16  15  15  Franchise advertising and other  services expense  553  484  481  (14)  (14)  (1)  (1)  (2)  Operating Profit  $  758  $  696  $  683  9  9  2  2  4  rd   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| % Increase (Decrease)  Unit Count  2021  2020  2019  2021  2020  Franchise  7,329  6,952  6,895  5  1  Company-owned  462  475  468  (3)  1  Total  7,791  7,427  7,363  5  1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Company sales and Company restaurant margin %

In 2021, the increase in Company sales was driven by same-store sales growth of 7% and unit growth partially offset by refranchising.

In 2021, the decrease in Company restaurant margin percentage was driven by higher restaurant operating costs, principally labor and commodities, partially offset by same-store sales growth.

## Franchise and property revenues

In 2021, the increase in Franchise and property revenues was driven by franchise same-store sales growth of 11% and unit growth.

## G&amp;A

In  2021,  the  increase  in  G&amp;A,  excluding  the  impacts  of  foreign  currency  translation,  was  driven  by  higher  expenses  related  to  our  annual  incentive compensation  programs,  higher  professional  fees  and  higher  charitable  contributions,  partially  offset  by  lower  headcount  and  lower  share-based compensation.

## Operating Profit

In 2021, the increase in Operating Profit was driven by same-store sales growth and unit growth, partially offset by higher restaurant operating costs and higher G&amp;A costs.

## Pizza Hut Division

The  Pizza  Hut  Division  has  18,381  units,  64%  of  which  are  located  outside  the  U.S. Over  99%  of  the  Pizza  Hut  Division  units  were  operated  by franchisees as of the end of 2021. The Pizza Hut Division uses multiple distribution channels including delivery, dine-in and express (e.g. airports) and includes units operating under both the Pizza Hut and Telepizza brands.

On December 30, 2018, the Company consummated a strategic alliance with Food Delivery Brands Group, S.A. (previously named Telepizza Group S.A. ('Telepizza')), to be the master franchisee of Pizza Hut in Latin America and portions of Europe, which added approximately 1,300 Telepizza units to our Pizza  Hut  Division  unit  count  on  December  30,  2018.  The  addition  of  the  Telepizza  units  positively  impacted  2019  Pizza  Hut  Division  system  sales growth, excluding the impacts of foreign currency and 53rd week, by 5 percentage points. The impact to Operating Profit for the year ended December 31, 2019, as a result of the strategic alliance was not significant.

| % B/(W)  % B/(W)  2021  2020  2021  2020  2019  Reported  Ex FX  Reported  Ex FX  Ex FX and  53  Week in  2019  System Sales  $  12,955  $  11,955  $  12,900  8  6  (7)  (7)  (6)  Same-Store Sales Growth  (Decline) %  7  N/A  (6)  N/A  N/A  Company sales  $  46  $  76  $  54  (40)  (42)  42  41  42  Franchise and property revenues  597  552  597  8  6  (8)  (8)  (7)  Franchise contributions for  advertising and other services  385  374  376  3  2  (1)  (1)  1  Total revenues  $  1,028  $  1,002  $  1,027  3  1  (2)  (2)  (1)  Company restaurant profit  $  3  $  3  $  3  (19)  (24)  72  67  69  Company restaurant margin %  6.8 %  5.1 %  4.2 %  1.7  ppts.  1.5  ppts.  0.9  ppts.  0.7  ppts.  0.8  ppts.  G&amp;A expenses  $  201  $  215  $  202  6  7  (7)  (7)  (8)  Franchise and property expenses  11  17  39  37  38  56  56  54  Franchise advertising and other  services expense  395  365  367  (8)  (7)  -  -  (1)  Operating Profit  $  387  $  335  $  369  16  13  (9)  (9)  (8)  rd   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| % Increase (Decrease)  Unit Count  2021  2020  2019  2021  2020  Franchise  18,359  17,559  18,603  5  (6)  Company-owned  22  80  100  (73)  (20)  Total  18,381  17,639  18,703  4  (6)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Company sales

In 2021, the decrease in Company sales, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by the refranchising of stores in the United Kingdom, partially offset by company same-store sales growth of 7%.

## Franchise and property revenues

In 2021, the increase in Franchise and property revenues, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by franchise  same-store sales growth of 7%.

## G&amp;A

In  2021,  the  decrease  in  G&amp;A,  excluding  the  impacts  of  foreign  currency  translation,  was  driven  by  lower  headcount  and  lower  share-based compensation, partially offset by higher expenses related to our annual incentive compensation programs.

## Operating Profit

In 2021, the increase in Operating Profit, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by same-store sales growth, lower G&amp;A and current year net bad debt recoveries lapping prior year net bad debt expense for past due franchise receivables, partially offset by higher Franchise advertising and other services expense primarily related to digital and technology expenses.

## Habit Burger Grill Division

The Habit Burger Grill Division has 318 units, the vast majority of which are in the U.S. The Company owned 90% of the Habit Burger Grill units in the U.S. as of December 31, 2021.

| % B/(W)  2021  2021  2020  Reported  Ex FX  System Sales  $  588  $  370  59  59  Same-Store Sales Growth %  16  N/A  Total revenues  $  525  $  347  51  51  Operating Profit (Loss)  $  2  $  (22)  111  111   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| % Increase  (Decrease)  Unit Count  2021  2020  2021  Franchise  42  34  24  Company-owned  276  253  9  Total  318  287  11   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate &amp; Unallocated

| % B/(W)  (Expense)/Income  2021  2020  2019  2021  2020  Corporate and unallocated G&amp;A  $  (260)  $  (312)  $  (188)  17  (66)  Unallocated Franchise and property expenses  1  (4)  (14)  115  68  Unallocated Refranchising gain (loss) (See Note 5)  35  34  37  2  (9)  Unallocated Other income (expense)  (14)  (146)  (9)  NM  NM  Investment income (expense), net (See Note 5)  86  74  (67)  16  211  Other pension income (expense) (See Note 15)  (7)  (14)  (4)  48  (235)  Interest expense, net  (544)  (543)  (486)  -  (12)  Income tax provision (See Note 18)  (99)  (116)  (79)  15  (48)  Effective tax rate (See Note 18)  5.9 %  11.4 %  5.7 %  5.5  ppts.  (5.7) ppts.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate and unallocated G&amp;A

In 2021, the decrease in Corporate and unallocated G&amp;A expenses was driven by lapping higher prior year cost for charitable contributions including $50 million related to our 'Unlocking Opportunity Initiative' and $25 million related to COVID-19 relief (see Note 5). The decrease was also driven by lapping prior year costs associated with a voluntary early retirement programs offered to our U.S. based employees and a worldwide severance program (see Note  5),  offset  by  higher  current  year  expenses  related  to  our  annual  incentive  compensation  programs  and  increased  headcount  supporting  our technology initiatives.

## Unallocated Other income (expense)

Unallocated Other income (expense) for the year ended December 31, 2020, includes a charge of $144 million related to the impairment of Habit Burger Grill goodwill (see Note 3).

## Interest expense, net

The increase in Interest expense, net for 2021 was primarily driven by increased outstanding borrowings offset by a lower weighted average-interest rate.

## Consolidated Cash Flows

Net cash provided by operating activities was $1,706 million in 2021 versus $1,305 million in 2020. The increase was largely driven by an increase in Operating profit before Special Items, the lapping of charitable contributions reflected as Special Items and an increase in upfront fees received, partially offset by the timing of accounts receivable collections and higher advertising spending.

Net cash used in investing activities was $173 million in 2021 versus $335 million in 2020. The change was primarily driven by the lapping of our prior year  acquisition  of  The  Habit  Restaurants,  Inc.,  higher  refranchising  proceeds  in  the  current  year  and  the  current  year  sale  of  certain  mutual  fund investments,  partially  offset  by  the  lapping  of  prior  year  proceeds  from  the  sale  of  our  investment  in  Grubhub,  Inc.  common  stock,  the  current  year acquisition of Dragontail Systems Limited and higher current year capital spending.

Net  cash  used  in  financing  activities was  $1,767  million  in  2021  versus  $738  million  in  2020. The  change  was  primarily  driven  by  higher  share repurchases, partially offset by higher net borrowings.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

We have historically generated substantial cash flows from our extensive franchise operations, which require a limited YUM investment, and from the operations of our Company-owned stores. Our annual operating cash flows have been in excess of $1.3 billion in each of the past three years and we expect that to continue to be the case in 2022. It is our intent to use these operating cash flows to continue to invest in growing our business and pay a competitive dividend, with any remaining excess then returned to shareholders through share repurchases. To the extent operating cash flows plus other sources of cash do not cover our anticipated cash needs, we maintain a $1.25 billion Revolving Facility under our Credit Agreement (see Note 11) that was undrawn as of December 31, 2021. We believe that our ongoing cash from operations, cash on hand, which was approximately $500 million at December 31, 2021, and availability under our Revolving Facility will be sufficient to fund our cash requirements over the next twelve months.

Our material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations.

## Debt Obligations and Interest Payments

As of December 31, 2021, approximately 93%, including the impact of interest rate swaps, of our $11.3 billion of total debt outstanding, excluding finance leases and debt issuance costs and discounts, is fixed with an effective overall interest rate of approximately 4.2%. We currently target a capital structure which reflects consolidated leverage, net of available cash, of ~5.0x EBITDA and which we believe provides an attractive balance between optimized interest rates, duration and flexibility with diversified sources of liquidity and maturities spread over multiple years. We have credit ratings of BB (Standard &amp; Poor's)/Ba2 (Moody's) with a balance sheet consistent with highly-levered peer restaurant franchise companies.

The following table summarizes the future maturities of our outstanding long-term debt, excluding finance leases and debt issuance costs and discounts, as of December 31, 2021.

| 2022  2023  2024  2025  2026  2027  2028  2029  2030  2031  2032  2037  2043  Total  Securitization Notes  $  39  $  39  $  39  $  39  $  944  $  875  $  582  $  565  $  7  $  682  $  3,811  Credit Agreement  29  34  48  53  662  15  1,398  2,239  Subsidiary Senior  Unsecured Notes  750  750  YUM Senior Unsecured  Notes  325  600  800  1,050  $  1,100  $  325  $  275  4,475  Total  $  68  $  398  $  87  $  692  $  1,606  $  1,640  $  1,980  $  565  $  807  $  1,732  $  1,100  $  325  $  275  $  11,275   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interest payments on the outstanding long-term debt in the table above total $3,384 million, with $464 million due within the next twelve months on the outstanding amounts on a nominal basis. The estimated interest payments related to the variable rate portion of our debt are based on current LIBOR interest rates.

See Note 11 for details on the Securitization Notes, the Credit Agreement, Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes and YUM Senior Unsecured Notes.

## Operating and Finance Leases

Payments required  under  our  operating  and  finance  leases  total  $1,252  million,  of  which  $141  million  is  payable  within  the  next  12  months.  These amounts are on a nominal basis and include payments related to lease renewal options we are reasonably certain to exercise. These leases relate primarily to approximately 700 Company-owned restaurants and approximately 300 leased restaurants for which we sublease land, building or both to our franchisees. See Note 12.

## Capital Expenditures

We remain committed to maintaining our asset light, franchisor model that includes at least  a  98%  franchise  mix.  Our  allocation  strategy  for  capital expenditures includes:

- Run-rate  capital  expenditures  consisting  of  company  restaurant  repairs,  maintenance  and  remodels,  support  of  our  digital  and  technology initiatives and project-specific capital expenditures,
- Targeted new company unit development to spur additional growth that is largely funded through refranchising a comparable number of existing company units, and
- Strategic investments that create incremental value for shareholders and franchisees.

In 2022, we expect that new store investments will exceed refranchising proceeds by $50 to $100 million, primarily driven by our strategy to accelerate growth of the Habit Burger Grill equity estate. This will result in net capital expenditures of approximately $250 million, reflecting up to $350 million of gross capital expenditures and $100 million of refranchising proceeds.

## Purchase Obligations

Our purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. We have excluded agreements that are cancellable without penalty. Our purchase obligations relate primarily to marketing, information technology and supply agreements. We have purchase obligations of approximately $420 million at December 31, 2021, with approximately $240 million due within the next 12 months.

In  addition  to  our  contractual  and  other  obligations,  we  seek  to  pay  a  competitive  dividend  and  return  excess  cash  to  shareholders  through  share repurchases. As discussed in Note 20, we are also subject to claims and contingencies related to certain tax and legal matters that may require future cash outlays.

## Dividends and Share Repurchases

In February 2022, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.57 per share of Common Stock, a 14% increase from the quarterly dividend of $.50 per share of Common Stock paid in 2021. This quarterly dividend will be distributed March 11, 2022 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 18, 2022, and will total approximately $165 million.

In May 2021, our Board of Directors authorized share repurchases from July 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022 of up to $2 billion (excluding applicable transaction fees) of our outstanding Common Stock. As of December 31, 2021, we have remaining capacity to repurchase up to $950 million of Common Stock under this authorization. This authorization does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares.

## Contingencies

As discussed in Note 20, as a result of an audit by the Internal Revenue Service ('IRS') for fiscal years 2013 through 2015, on October 13, 2021, we received a Notice of Proposed Adjustment ('NPA') from the IRS for the 2014 fiscal year relating to a series of reorganizations we undertook during that year in connection with the business realignment of our corporate and management reporting structure along brand lines. The IRS asserts that these reorganizations involved taxable distributions of approximately $6.0 billion. We expect to receive the final Revenue Agent's Report ('RAR') including the IRS's calculation of the tax assessment in early 2022. The amount of additional tax that may be asserted by the IRS in the RAR cannot be quantified at this time; however, based on the NPA, the amount of additional tax to be proposed is expected to be material. We disagree with the IRS's position as asserted in the NPA and intend to contest it vigorously by filing a protest disputing on multiple grounds any proposed taxes and proceeding to the IRS Office of Appeals.

Also, as discussed in Note 20, on January 29, 2020, we received an order from the Special Director of the Directorate of Enforcement in India imposing a penalty on Yum! Restaurants India Private Limited of approximately Indian Rupee 11 billion, or approximately $150 million, primarily relating to alleged violations of operating conditions imposed in 1993 and 1994. We have been advised by external counsel that the order is flawed and have filed a writ petition with the Delhi High Court, which granted an interim stay of the penalty order on March 5, 2020. The stay order remains in effect, and the next hearing is scheduled for March 4, 2022. We deny liability and intend to continue vigorously defending this matter. We do not consider the risk of any significant loss arising from this order to be probable.

See the Lease Guarantees section of Note 20 for discussion of our off-balance sheet arrangements.

## New Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted

In  March 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued guidance related to reference rate reform. The pronouncement provides temporary optional  expedients  and  exceptions  to  the  current  guidance  on  contract  modifications  and  hedge  accounting  to  ease  the  financial  reporting  burdens related to the expected market transition from LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. The guidance was effective upon issuance and generally can be applied to applicable contract modifications through December 31, 2022. We are currently evaluating the impact of the transition from LIBOR to alternative reference rates, including the impact on our interest rate swaps. As of December 30, 2021, our interest rate swaps which expire in March 2025, had notional amounts of $1.5 billion. These interest rate swaps are designated cash flow hedges. We do not anticipate the impact of adopting this standard will be material to our Financial Statements.

## Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our reported results are impacted by the application of certain accounting policies that require us to make subjective or complex judgments.  These judgments  involve  estimations  of  the  effect  of  matters  that  are  inherently  uncertain  and  may  significantly  impact  our  quarterly  or  annual  results  of operations or financial condition.  Changes in the estimates and judgments could significantly affect our results of operations and financial condition and cash flows in future years.  A description of what we consider to be our most significant critical accounting policies follows.

## Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets

We review long-lived assets of restaurants we intend to continue operating as Company restaurants (primarily PP&amp;E, right-of-use operating lease assets and  allocated  intangible  assets  subject  to  amortization)  annually  for  impairment,  or  whenever  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the carrying amount of a restaurant may not be recoverable.  We evaluate recoverability based on the restaurant's forecasted undiscounted cash flows, which  incorporate  our  best  estimate  of  sales  growth  and  margin  improvement  based  upon  our  plans  for  the  unit  and  actual  results  at  comparable restaurants.    For  restaurant  assets  that  are  deemed  to  not  be  recoverable,  we  write-down  the  impaired  restaurant  to  its  estimated  fair  value.    Key assumptions in the determination of fair value are the future after-tax cash flows of the restaurant, which are reduced by future royalties a franchisee would pay, and a discount rate.  The after-tax cash flows incorporate reasonable sales growth and margin improvement assumptions that would be used by a franchisee in the determination of a purchase price for the restaurant.  Estimates of future cash flows are highly subjective judgments and can be significantly impacted by changes in the business or economic conditions.

In each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2019 our primary indicator of potential impairment for our restaurant assets was two consecutive years of operating losses. For the year ended December 31, 2020, as a result of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic this indicator was expanded to include restaurants that were open less than two years with cumulative operating losses for the last year or cumulative operating losses since the store open date if open less than one year.

We perform an impairment evaluation at a restaurant group level when it is more likely than not that we will refranchise restaurants as a group.  Expected net sales proceeds are generally based on actual bids from the buyer, if available, or anticipated bids given the discounted projected after-tax cash flows for  the  group of restaurants.  Historically, these anticipated bids have been reasonably accurate estimations of the proceeds ultimately received. The after-tax cash flows used in determining the anticipated bids incorporate reasonable assumptions we believe a franchisee would make such as sales growth  and  margin  improvement  as  well  as  expectations  as  to  the  useful  lives  of  the  restaurant  assets. These  after-tax  cash  flows  also  include  a deduction  for  the  anticipated,  future  royalties  we  would  receive  under  a  franchise  agreement  with  terms  substantially  at  market  entered  into simultaneously with the refranchising transaction.

The  discount  rate  used  in  the  fair  value  calculations  is  our  estimate  of  the  required  rate  of  return  that  a  franchisee  would  expect  to  receive  when purchasing a similar restaurant or groups of restaurants and the related long-lived assets.  The discount rate incorporates rates of returns for historical refranchising market transactions and is commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the forecasted cash flows.

We evaluate indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis as of the beginning of our fourth quarter or more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates impairment might exist. Fair value is an estimate of the price a willing buyer would pay for the intangible asset and is generally estimated by discounting the expected future after-tax cash flows associated with the intangible asset. Our most significant indefinitelived intangible asset is our Habit Burger Grill brand asset with a book value of $96 million at December 31, 2021. As of our fourth quarter 2021 annual impairment testing date, the Habit Burger Grill's forecasted results have improved from those used in determining the brand asset fair value as part of the prior year impairment test. As such, the fair values of all of our indefinite-lived intangible assets at December 31, 2021, were in excess of their respective carrying values and no impairment was recorded.

## Impairment of Goodwill

We evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis as of the beginning of our fourth quarter or more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates impairment might exist. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment by determining whether the fair value of our reporting units exceed their  carrying  values. Our reporting units are our business units (which are aligned based on geography) in our KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and Habit Burger Grill Divisions. Fair value is the price a willing buyer would pay for the reporting unit, and is generally estimated using discounted expected future after-tax cash flows from franchise royalties and Company-owned restaurant operations, if any.  Future cash flow estimates and the discount rate are the key assumptions when estimating the fair value of a reporting unit.

Future cash flows are based on growth expectations relative to recent historical performance and incorporate sales growth (from net new units or samestore  sales  growth)  and  margin  improvement  (for  those  reporting  units  which  include  Company-owned  restaurant  operations)  assumptions  that  we believe a third-party buyer would assume when determining a purchase price for the reporting unit.  Any margin improvement assumptions that factor into the discounted cash flows are highly correlated with sales growth as cash flow growth can be achieved through various interrelated strategies such as product pricing and restaurant productivity initiatives. The discount rate is our estimate of the required rate of return that a third-party buyer would expect to receive when purchasing a business from us that constitutes a reporting unit. We believe the discount rate is commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the forecasted cash flows.

The fair values of all our reporting units with goodwill balances were in excess of their respective carrying values as of our fourth quarter 2021 goodwill testing date, with all but the Habit Burger Grill reporting unit having fair values that were substantially in excess of their respective carrying values as of the 2021 goodwill testing date. As it relates to our Habit Burger Grill reporting unit, assumptions for unit growth and same-store sales growth utilized in the fourth quarter 2021 annual impairment test improved as compared to the prior year impairment test, due in large part to the continued recovery from the impacts of COVID-19. As such, the fair value of the reporting unit increased versus prior year.

When we refranchise restaurants, we include goodwill in the carrying amount of the restaurants disposed of based on the relative fair values of the portion of the reporting unit disposed of in the refranchising versus the portion of the reporting unit that will be retained.  The fair value of the portion of the reporting unit disposed of in a refranchising is determined by reference to the discounted value of the future cash flows expected to be generated by the restaurant and retained by the franchisee, which include a deduction for the anticipated, future royalties the franchisee will pay us associated with the franchise agreement entered into simultaneously with the refranchising transaction. Appropriate adjustments are made to the fair value determinations if such franchise agreement is determined to not be at prevailing market rates.  When determining whether such franchise agreement is at prevailing market rates our primary consideration is consistency with the terms of our current franchise agreements both within the country that the restaurants are being refranchised in and around the world.  The Company believes consistency in royalty rates as a percentage of sales is appropriate as the Company and franchisee share in the impact of near-term fluctuations in sales results with the acknowledgment that over the long-term the royalty rate represents an appropriate rate for both parties.

The discounted value of the future cash flows expected to be generated by the restaurant and retained by the franchisee is reduced by future royalties the franchisee will pay the Company.  The Company thus considers the fair value of future royalties to be received under the franchise agreement as fair value retained in its determination of the goodwill to be written off when refranchising.  Others may consider the fair value of these future royalties as fair value disposed of and thus would conclude that a larger percentage of a reporting unit's fair value is disposed of in a refranchising transaction.

During  2021,  refranchising  activity  completed  by  the  Company  was  limited  and  the  write-off  of  goodwill  associated  with  these  transactions  was approximately $3 million.

## Pension Plans

Certain of our employees are covered under defined benefit pension plans. Our two most significant plans are in the U.S. and combined had a projected benefit obligation ('PBO') of $1,069 million and a fair value of plan assets of $1,010 million at December 31, 2021.

The  PBO reflects  the  actuarial  present  value  of  all  benefits  earned  to  date  by  employees  and  incorporates  assumptions  as  to  future  compensation levels.  Due to the relatively long time frame over which benefits earned to date are expected to be paid, our PBOs are highly sensitive to changes in discount rates.  For our U.S. plans, we measured our PBOs using a discount rate of 3.00% at December 31, 2021.  The primary basis for this discount rate determination is a model that consists of a hypothetical portfolio of ten or more corporate debt instruments rated Aa or higher by Moody's or Standard &amp; Poor's ("S&amp;P") with cash flows that mirror our expected benefit payment cash flows under the plans.  We exclude from the model those corporate debt instruments flagged by Moody's or S&amp;P for a potential downgrade (if the potential downgrade would result in a rating below Aa by both Moody's and S&amp;P) and bonds with yields that were two standard deviations or more above the mean.  In considering possible bond portfolios, the model allows the bond cash flows for a particular year to exceed the expected benefit payment cash flows for that year.  Such excesses are assumed to be reinvested at appropriate one-year forward rates and used to meet the benefit payment cash flows in a future year.  The weighted-average yield of this hypothetical portfolio  was  used  to  arrive  at  an  appropriate  discount  rate.    We  also  ensure  that  changes  in  the  discount  rate  as  compared  to  the  prior  year  are consistent with the overall change in prevailing market rates and make adjustments as necessary. A 50 basis-point increase in this discount rate would have decreased these U.S. plans' PBOs by approximately $65 million at our measurement date.  Conversely, a 50 basis-point decrease in this discount rate would have increased our U.S. plans' PBOs by approximately $72 million at our measurement date.

The net periodic benefit cost we will record in 2022 is also impacted by the discount rate, as well as the long-term rates of return on plan assets and mortality assumptions we selected at our measurement date.  We expect net periodic benefit cost for our U.S. plans to decrease approximately $8 million in 2022.  A 50 basis-point change in our discount rate assumption at our 2021 measurement date would impact our 2022 U.S. net periodic benefit cost by approximately $6 million. The impacts of changes in net periodic benefit costs are reflected primarily in Other pension (income) expense.

Our estimated long-term rate of return on U.S. plan assets is based upon the weighted-average of historical and expected future returns for each asset category.  Our expected long-term rate of return on U.S. plan assets, for purposes of determining 2022 pension expense, at December 31, 2021, was 5.40%, net of administrative and investment fees paid from plan assets.  We believe this rate is appropriate given the composition of our plan assets and historical market returns thereon.  A 100 basis point change in our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption would impact our 2022 U.S. net periodic benefit cost by approximately $9 million. Additionally, every 100 basis point variation in actual return on plan assets versus our expected return of 5.40% will impact our unrecognized pre-tax actuarial net loss by approximately $9 million.

A decrease in discount rates over time has largely contributed to an unrecognized pre-tax actuarial net loss of $33 million included in Accumulated other comprehensive income for these U.S. plans at December 31, 2021.  We will recognize approximately $11 million of such loss in net periodic benefit cost in 2022 versus $14 million recognized in 2021.

## Income Taxes

At December 31, 2021, we had valuation allowances of $462 million to reduce our $1,541 million of deferred tax assets to amounts that are more likely than not to be realized. The net deferred tax assets primarily relate to temporary differences in profitable U.S. federal, state and foreign jurisdictions and net operating losses in certain foreign jurisdictions, the majority of which do not expire. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider future taxable income in the various jurisdictions, carryforward periods, restrictions on usage and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The estimation of future taxable income in these jurisdictions and our resulting ability to utilize deferred tax assets can significantly change based on future events, including our determinations as to feasibility of certain tax planning strategies and refranchising plans. Thus, recorded valuation allowances may be subject to material future changes.

As a matter of course, we are regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. We recognize the benefit of positions taken or expected to be taken in our tax returns in our Income tax provision when it is more likely than not that the position would be sustained upon examination by these tax authorities. A recognized tax position is then measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon settlement. At December 31, 2021, we had $116

million  of  unrecognized  tax  benefits,  $75  million  of  which  would  impact  the  effective  tax  rate  if  recognized.  We  evaluate  unrecognized  tax  benefits, including interest thereon, on a quarterly basis to ensure that they have been appropriately adjusted for events, including audit settlements, which may impact our ultimate payment for such exposures.

Repatriation  of  earnings  generated  after  December  31,  2017,  will  generally  be  eligible  for  the  100%  dividends  received  deduction  or  considered  a distribution of previously taxed income and, therefore, exempt from U.S. federal tax. Undistributed foreign earnings may still be subject to certain state and foreign income and withholding taxes upon repatriation. Subject to limited exceptions, we do not intend to indefinitely reinvest our unremitted earnings outside the U.S. Thus, we have provided taxes, including any U.S. federal and state income, foreign income, or foreign withholding taxes on the majority of our unremitted earnings. In jurisdictions where we do intend to indefinitely reinvest our unremitted earnings, we would be required to accrue and pay applicable income taxes (if any) and foreign withholding taxes if the funds were repatriated in taxable transactions. We believe any such taxes would be immaterial.

## Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

The Company is exposed to financial market risks associated with interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices.  In the normal course of business and in accordance with our policies, we manage these risks through a variety of strategies, which may include the use of financial and commodity derivative instruments to hedge our underlying exposures.  Our policies prohibit the use of derivative instruments for trading purposes, and we have processes in place to monitor and control their use.

## Interest Rate Risk

We have a market  risk  exposure  to  changes  in  interest  rates,  principally  in  the  U.S. Our  outstanding  total  debt,  excluding  finance  leases  and  debt issuance costs and discounts, of $11.3 billion includes 80% fixed-rate debt and 20% variable-rate debt. We have attempted to minimize the interest rate risk from variable-rate debt through the use of interest rate swaps that, as of December 31, 2021, result in a fixed interest rate on $1.5 billion of our variable-rate debt. As a result, approximately 93% of our $11.3 billion of outstanding debt at December 31, 2021, is effectively fixed-rate debt. See Note 11 for details on our outstanding debt and Note 13 for details related to interest rate swaps.

At December 31, 2021, a hypothetical 100 basis-point increase in short-term interest rates would result, over the following twelve-month period after consideration  of  the  aforementioned  interest  rate  swaps,  in  an  increase  of  approximately  $7  million  in  Interest  expense,  net  within  our  Consolidated Statement of Income. These estimated amounts are based upon the current level of variable-rate debt that has not been swapped to fixed and assume no changes in the volume or composition of that debt and exclude any impact from interest income related to cash and cash equivalents.

The fair value of our cumulative fixed-rate debt of $9.5 billion as of December 31, 2021, would decrease approximately $565 million as a result of the same hypothetical 100 basis-point increase. At December 31, 2021, a hypothetical 100 basis-point increase in short-term interest rates would decrease the liability associated with the fair value of our interest rate swaps by approximately $46 million. Fair value was determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows considering the risks involved and using discount rates appropriate for the durations.

## Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk

Changes  in  foreign  currency  exchange  rates  impact  the  translation  of  our  reported  foreign  currency  denominated  earnings,  cash  flows  and  net investments in foreign operations and the fair value of our foreign currency denominated financial instruments. Historically, we have chosen not to hedge foreign  currency  risks  related  to  our  foreign  currency  denominated  earnings  and  cash  flows  through  the  use  of  financial  instruments. In  addition,  we attempt to minimize the exposure related to foreign currency denominated financial instruments by purchasing goods and services from third parties in local  currencies  when  practical.  Consequently,  foreign  currency  denominated  financial  instruments  consist  primarily  of  intercompany  receivables  and payables.    At  times,  we  utilize  forward  contracts  and  cross-currency  swaps  to  reduce  our  exposure  related  to  these  intercompany  receivables  and payables.    The  notional  amount  and  maturity  dates  of  these  contracts  match  those  of  the  underlying  receivables  or  payables  such  that  our  foreign currency exchange risk related to these instruments is minimized.

The Company's foreign currency net asset exposure (defined as foreign currency assets less foreign currency liabilities) totaled approximately $1.1 billion as of December 31, 2021. Operating in international markets exposes the Company to movements in foreign currency exchange rates.  The Company's primary exposures result from our operations in Asia-Pacific, Europe and the Americas.  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, Operating Profit would have decreased approximately $145 million if all foreign currencies had uniformly weakened 10% relative to the U.S. dollar.  This estimated reduction assumes no changes in sales volumes, local currency sales or input prices.

## Commodity Price Risk

We are subject to volatility in food costs at our Company-operated restaurants as a result of market risk associated with commodity prices.  Our ability to recover increased costs through higher pricing is, at times, limited by the competitive environment in which we operate.  We manage our exposure to this risk primarily through pricing agreements with our vendors.

## Equity Investment Risk

YUM holds approximately 53 million shares of Devyani International Limited ('Devyani') common stock (See Note 5). As of December 31, 2021, the National Stock Exchange of India Limited composite closing sales price of Devyani was Indian Rupee 165.05. A hypothetical 10% decline in the price of these shares would result in a $12 million decrease in the fair value of these investments, which would be reflected as a charge in Investment (income) expense, net within our Consolidated Statements of Income. The effects of changes in market prices for equity securities are unpredictable, which could cause significant fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results.

## Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

## INDEX TO FINANCIAL INFORMATION

| Page Reference  Consolidated Financial Statements  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  52  Consolidated Statements of Income  54  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  55  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  56  Consolidated Balance Sheets  57  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Deficit  58  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  59   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial Statement Schedules

No  schedules  are  required  because  either  the  required  information  is  not  present  or  not  present  in  amounts  sufficient  to  require  submission  of  the schedule, or because the information required is included in the above-listed financial statements or notes thereto.

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors

Yum! Brands, Inc.:

## Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Yum! Brands, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows and shareholders' deficit for each of the years in the three-year period  ended  December  31,  2021,  and  the  related  notes  (collectively,  the  consolidated  financial  statements).  We  also  have  audited  the  Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021 based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

## Basis for Opinions

The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting in the accompanying Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the  Public  Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board  (United  States)  (PCAOB)  and  are  required  to  be  independent  with  respect  to  the  Company  in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  PCAOB.  Those  standards  require  that  we  plan  and  perform  the  audits  to  obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial  statements  included  performing  procedures  to  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  A  company's  internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of  the  company  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with  authorizations  of  management  and  directors  of  the  company;  and  (3)  provide  reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

## Critical Audit Matter

The  critical  audit  matter  communicated  below  is  a  matter  arising  from  the  current  period  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  that  was communicated  or  required  to  be  communicated  to  the  audit  committee  and  that:  (1)  relates  to  accounts  or  disclosures  that  are  material  to  the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

## Evaluation of unrecognized tax benefits

As discussed in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has recorded unrecognized tax benefits, excluding associated interest, of $116 million. Tax laws are complex and often subject to different interpretations by taxpayers and the respective taxing authorities.

We identified the evaluation of the Company's unrecognized tax benefits as a critical audit matter. Subjective and complex auditor judgment was required to  evaluate  tax  law  and  regulations,  court  rulings  and  audit  settlements  in  the  related  taxing  jurisdictions  to  determine  the  population  of  significant uncertain tax positions identified by the Company arising from tax planning strategies.

The  following  are  the  primary  procedures  we  performed  to  address  this  critical  audit  matter.  We  evaluated  the  design  and  tested  the  operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company's process for identification of uncertain tax positions. This included controls related to (1) identifying  tax  planning  strategies  that  create  significant  uncertain  tax  positions,  (2)  evaluating  interpretations  of  tax  laws  and  court  rulings,  and  (3) assessing which tax positions may not be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. We involved tax professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in:

- Obtaining an understanding of the Company's tax planning strategies;
- Identifying tax positions created by tax planning strategies and comparing the results to the Company's identification of uncertain tax positions;
- Evaluating the Company's interpretation of tax laws and court rulings by developing an independent assessment; and
- Performing an independent assessment to identify tax positions that may not be sustained upon examination by the respective taxing authority and comparing the results to the Company's assessment.

## /s/ KPMG LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1997.

Louisville, Kentucky February 22, 2022

| Consolidated Statements of Income  Yum! Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries  Fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019  (in millions, except per share data)  2021  2020  2019  Revenues  Company sales  $  2,106  $  1,810  $  1,546  Franchise and property revenues  2,900  2,510  2,660  Franchise contributions for advertising and other services  1,578  1,332  1,391  Total revenues  6,584  5,652  5,597  Costs and Expenses, Net  Company restaurant expenses  1,725  1,506  1,235  General and administrative expenses  1,060  1,064  917  Franchise and property expenses  117  145  180  Franchise advertising and other services expense  1,576  1,314  1,368  Refranchising (gain) loss  (35)  (34)  (37)  Other (income) expense  2  154  4  Total costs and expenses, net  4,445  4,149  3,667  Operating Profit  2,139  1,503  1,930  Investment (income) expense, net  (86)  (74)  67  Other pension (income) expense  7  14  4  Interest expense, net  544  543  486  Income before income taxes  1,674  1,020  1,373  Income tax provision  99  116  79  Net Income  $  1,575  $  904  $  1,294  Basic Earnings Per Common Share  $  5.30  $  2.99  $  4.23  Diluted Earnings Per Common Share  $  5.21  $  2.94  $  4.14  Dividends Declared Per Common Share  $  2.00  $  1.88  $  1.68  See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

Yum! Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019

(in millions)

| 2021  2020  2019  Net Income  $  1,575  $  904  $  1,294  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:  Translation adjustments and gains (losses) from intra-entity transactions of a long-term  investment nature  Adjustments and gains (losses) arising during the year  (24)  39  28  Reclassifications of adjustments and (gains) losses into Net Income  -  -  -  (24)  39  28  Tax (expense) benefit  -  -  (4)  (24)  39  24  Changes in pension and post-retirement benefits  Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the year  65  (8)  (39)  Reclassification of (gains) losses into Net Income  16  18  10  81  10  (29)  Tax (expense) benefit  (19)  (2)  7  62  8  (22)  Changes in derivative instruments  Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the year  34  (99)  (51)  Reclassification of (gains) losses into Net Income  28  6  (25)  62  (93)  (76)  Tax (expense) benefit  (14)  23  20  48  (70)  (56)  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax  86  (23)  (54)  Comprehensive Income  $  1,661  $  881  $  1,240  See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Yum! Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019

(in millions)

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

| 2021  2020  2019  Cash Flows - Operating Activities  Net Income  $  1,575  $  904  $  1,294  Depreciation and amortization  164  146  112  Impairment and closure expense  19  172  5  Refranchising (gain) loss  (35)  (34)  (37)  Investment (income) expense, net  (86)  (74)  67  Deferred income taxes  (200)  (65)  (232)  Share-based compensation expense  75  97  59  Changes in accounts and notes receivable  (46)  62  (56)  Changes in prepaid expenses and other current assets  (33)  8  (8)  Changes in accounts payable and other current liabilities  122  128  (36)  Changes in income taxes payable  (41)  (110)  23  Other, net  192  71  124  Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities  1,706  1,305  1,315  Cash Flows - Investing Activities  Capital spending  (230)  (160)  (196)  Acquisition of The Habit Restaurants, Inc., net of cash acquired  -  (408)  -  Proceeds from sale of investment in Grubhub, Inc. common stock  -  206  -  Proceeds from refranchising of restaurants  85  19  110  Other, net  (28)  8  (2)  Net Cash Used in Investing Activities  (173)  (335)  (88)  Cash Flows - Financing Activities  Proceeds from long-term debt  4,150  1,650  800  Repayments of long-term debt  (3,657)  (1,517)  (331)  Revolving credit facilities, three months or less, net  -  -  -  Short-term borrowings, by original maturity  More than three months - proceeds  -  95  130  More than three months - payments  -  (100)  (126)  Three months or less, net  -  -  -  Repurchase shares of Common Stock  (1,591)  (239)  (815)  Dividends paid on Common Stock  (592)  (566)  (511)  Debt issuance costs  (37)  (20)  (10)  Other, net  (40)  (41)  (75)  Net Cash Used in Financing Activities  (1,767)  (738)  (938)  Effect of Exchange Rate on Cash and Cash Equivalents  (19)  24  5  Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents  (253)  256  294  Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Year  1,024  768  474  Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents - End of Year  $  771  $  1,024  $  768   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Consolidated Balance Sheets  Yum! Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries  December 31, 2021 and 2020  (in millions)  2021  2020  ASSETS  Current Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  $  486  $  730  Accounts and notes receivable, net  596  534  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  450  425  Total Current Assets  1,532  1,689  Property, plant and equipment, net  1,207  1,235  Goodwill  657  597  Intangible assets, net  359  343  Other assets  1,487  1,435  Deferred income taxes  724  553  Total Assets  $  5,966  $  5,852  LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT  Current Liabilities  Accounts payable and other current liabilities  $  1,334  $  1,189  Income taxes payable  13  33  Short-term borrowings  68  453  Total Current Liabilities  1,415  1,675  Long-term debt  11,178  10,272  Other liabilities and deferred credits  1,746  1,796  Total Liabilities  14,339  13,743  Shareholders' Deficit  Common Stock, no par value, 750 shares authorized; 289 shares and 300 shares issued in 2021 and 2020,  respectively  -  -  Accumulated deficit  (8,048)  (7,480)  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  (325)  (411)  Total Shareholders' Deficit  (8,373)  (7,891)  Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Deficit  $  5,966  $  5,852  See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Deficit Yum! Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (in millions)

| Issued Common Stock  Accumulated  Deficit  Accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)  Total  Shareholders'  Deficit  Shares  Amount  Balance at December 31, 2018  306  $  -  $  (7,592)  $  (334)  $  (7,926)  Net Income  1,294  1,294  Translation adjustments and gains (losses) from intra-entity transactions of a long-term  investment nature (net of tax impact of $4 million)  24  24  Pension and post-retirement benefit plans (net of tax impact of $ 7 million)  (22)  (22)  Net loss on derivative instruments (net of tax impact of $20 million)  (56)  (56)  Comprehensive Income  1,240  Dividends declared  (514)  (514)  Repurchase of shares of Common Stock  (8)  (14)  (796)  (810)  Employee share-based award exercises  2  (57)  (18)  (75)  Share-based compensation events  71  71  Adoption of accounting standards  (2)  (2)  Balance at December 31, 2019  300  $  -  $  (7,628)  $  (388)  $  (8,016)  Net Income  904  904  Translation adjustments and gains (losses) from intra-entity transactions of a long-term  investment nature  39  39  Pension and post-retirement benefit plans (net of tax impact of $ 2 million)  8  8  Net loss on derivative instruments (net of tax impact of $23 million)  (70)  (70)  Comprehensive Income  881  Dividends declared  (569)  (569)  Repurchase of shares of Common Stock  (2)  (71)  (179)  (250)  Employee share-based award exercises  2  (41)  (41)  Share-based compensation events  112  112  Adoption of accounting standards  (8)  (8)  Balance at December 31, 2020  300  $  -  $  (7,480)  $  (411)  $  (7,891)  Net Income  1,575  1,575  Translation adjustments and gains (losses) from intra-entity transactions of a long-term  investment nature  (24)  (24)  Pension and post-retirement benefit plans (net of tax impact of $ 19 million)  62  62  Net gain on derivative instruments (net of tax impact of $14 million)  48  48  Comprehensive Income  1,661  Dividends declared  (594)  (594)  Repurchase of shares of Common Stock  (13)  (31)  (1,549)  (1,580)  Employee share-based award exercises  2  (50)  (50)  Share-based compensation events  81  81  Balance at December 31, 2021  289  $  -  $  (8,048)  $  (325)  $  (8,373)  See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Tabular amounts in millions, except share data)

## Note 1 - Description of Business

Yum! Brands, Inc. and its Subsidiaries (collectively referred to herein as the 'Company,' 'YUM,' 'we,' 'us' or 'our') franchise or operate a system of over 53,000 restaurants in 157 countries and territories primarily under the concepts of KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and The Habit Burger Grill (collectively, the "Concepts"). The Company's KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut brands are global leaders of the chicken, Mexican-style and pizza food categories. The Habit Burger Grill, a concept we acquired in March 2020, is a fast-casual restaurant concept specializing in made-to-order chargrilled burgers, sandwiches and more. At December 31, 2021, 98% of our restaurants were owned and operated by franchisees.

Through  our  widely-recognized  Concepts,  we  develop,  operate  or  franchise  a  system  of  both  traditional  and  non-traditional  restaurants.  The  terms "franchise" or "franchisee" within these Consolidated Financial Statements are meant to describe third parties that operate units under either franchise or license agreements. Our traditional restaurants feature dine-in, carryout and, in some instances, drive-thru service. Non-traditional units include express units  which  have  a  more  limited  menu  and  operate  in  non-traditional  locations  like  malls,  airports,  gasoline  service  stations,  train  stations,  subways, convenience stores, stadiums, amusement parks and colleges, where a full-scale traditional outlet would not be practical or efficient. As of December 31, 2021,  over 45,000  of  our  restaurants  are  also  currently  offering  delivery.  We  also  operate  or  franchise  multibrand  units,  where  two  or  more  of  our Concepts are operated in a single unit.

As of December 31, 2021, YUM consisted of  four operating segments:

- The KFC Division which includes our worldwide operations of the KFC concept
- The Taco Bell Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Taco Bell concept
- The Pizza Hut Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Pizza Hut concept
- The Habit Burger Grill Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Habit Burger Grill concept

## Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Our  preparation  of  the  accompanying  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  in  conformity  with  Generally  Accepted  Accounting  Principles  in  the  United States of America ('GAAP') requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from these estimates.

Principles  of  Consolidation  and  Basis  of  Preparation. Intercompany  accounts  and  transactions  have  been  eliminated  in  consolidation.    We consolidate entities in which we have a controlling financial interest, the usual condition of which is ownership of a majority voting interest.  We also consider for consolidation an entity, in which we have certain interests, where the controlling financial interest may be achieved through arrangements that  do  not  involve  voting  interests.    Such  an  entity,  known  as  a  variable  interest  entity  ('VIE'),  is  required  to  be  consolidated  by  its  primary beneficiary.  The primary beneficiary is the entity that possesses the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that are significant to it.

Our most significant variable interests are in certain entities that operate restaurants under our Concepts' franchise arrangements.  We do not typically provide significant financial support such as loans or guarantees to our franchisees.  Thus, our most significant variable interests in franchisees result from real estate lease arrangements to which we are a party.  At the end of 2021, YUM has future lease payments due from certain franchisees, on a nominal  basis,  of  approximately  $1  billion,  and  we  are  secondarily  liable  on  certain  other  lease  agreements  that  have  been  assigned  to  certain franchisees.  See  the  Lease  Guarantees  section  in  Note  20. As  our  franchise  arrangements  provide  our  franchisee  entities  the  power  to  direct  the activities that most significantly impact their economic performance, we do not consider ourselves the primary beneficiary of any such entity that might otherwise be considered a VIE.

We do not have an equity interest in any of our franchisee businesses except for a minority interest in an entity, Devyani International Limited ('Devyani'), that owns our KFC India and Pizza Hut India master franchisee rights, a minority interest in an entity that owns our KFC Brazil and Pizza Hut Brazil master franchisee rights and a minority interest in an entity that operates Taco Bell franchised units in India. These minority interests do not give us the ability to significantly influence these entities. We account for our investment in Devyani and the entity that owns our KFC Brazil and Pizza Hut Brazil master franchisee rights as equity securities. When the fair value of these equity securities is readily determinable we record changes in fair  value  in  Investment (income) expense, net. When the fair value of these equity securities is not readily determinable we apply the measurement alternative in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC') Topic 321 and, when applicable, record fair value changes from observable prices as well as impairment in Investment (income) expense, net. We account for our investment in the entity that operates Taco Bell units in India as an available-for-sale debt security. This available-for-sale debt security is carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, included as a component of Other comprehensive income (loss), on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.

We participate in various advertising cooperatives with our franchisees, typically within a country where we have both Company-owned restaurants and franchise restaurants, established to collect and administer funds contributed for use in advertising and promotional programs designed to increase sales and enhance the reputation of the Company and our Concepts. Contributions to the advertising cooperatives are required for both Company-owned and franchise restaurants and are generally based on a percentage of restaurant sales.  We maintain certain variable interests in these cooperatives. As the cooperatives  are  required  to  spend  all  funds  collected  on  advertising  and  promotional  programs,  total  equity  at  risk  is  not  sufficient  to  permit  the cooperatives to finance their activities without additional subordinated financial support. Therefore, these cooperatives are VIEs. As a result of our voting rights, we consolidate certain of these cooperatives for which we are the primary beneficiary.

Fiscal Year. YUM's fiscal year begins on January 1 and ends December 31 of each year, with each quarter comprised of three months. The majority of our  U.S.  subsidiaries  and  certain  international  subsidiaries  operate  on  a  weekly  periodic  calendar  where  the  first  three  quarters  of  each  fiscal  year consists of 12 weeks and the fourth quarter consists of 16 weeks in fiscal years with 52 weeks and 17 weeks in fiscal years with 53 weeks. Our Habit Burger Grill subsidiaries operate on a weekly periodic calendar where each quarter consists of 13 weeks, except in fiscal years with 53 weeks when the fourth quarter consists of 14 weeks. Our remaining international subsidiaries operate on a monthly calendar similar to that on which YUM operates.

Fiscal year 2019 included 53 weeks for our U.S. businesses and for our international subsidiaries that reported on a period calendar. The 53rd week added $66 million to Total revenues, $ 24 million to Operating Profit and $ 17 million to Net Income in our 2019 Consolidated Statement of Income.

Our next fiscal year scheduled to include a 53rd week for our period calendar reporters is 2024.

Foreign Currency. The functional currency of our foreign entities is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates. Functional  currency  determinations  are  made  based  upon  a  number  of  economic  factors,  including  but  not  limited  to  cash  flows  and  financing transactions. The  operations,  assets  and  liabilities  of  our  entities  outside  the  U.S.  are  initially  measured  using  the  functional  currency  of  that  entity. Income and expense accounts for our operations of these foreign entities are then translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Assets and liabilities of these foreign entities are then translated into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. As  of  December  31,  2021,  net  cumulative  translation  adjustment  losses  of  $206  million  are  recorded  in  Accumulated  other  comprehensive  income ("AOCI") in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

The majority of our foreign currency net asset exposure is in countries where we have Company-owned restaurants. As we manage and share resources at the individual brand level within a country, cumulative translation adjustments are recorded and tracked at the foreign-entity level that represents the operations of our individual brands within that country. Translation adjustments recorded in AOCI are subsequently recognized as income or expense generally only upon sale of the related investment in a foreign entity, or upon a sale of assets and liabilities within a foreign entity that represents a complete or substantially complete liquidation of that foreign entity. For purposes of determining whether a sale or complete or substantially complete liquidation of an investment in a foreign entity has occurred, we consider those same foreign entities for which we record and track cumulative translation adjustments.

Gains and losses arising from the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on transactions in foreign currency are included in Other (income) expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income.

Reclassifications. We have reclassified certain items in the Consolidated Financial Statements for prior periods to be comparable with the classification for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. These reclassifications had no effect on previously reported Net Income.

Revenue  Recognition. Below is a discussion of how our revenues are earned, our accounting policies pertaining to revenue recognition under ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ('Topic 606') and other required disclosures.

Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue transaction and collected from a customer are excluded from revenue.

## Company Sales

Revenues from the sale of food items by Company-owned restaurants are recognized as Company sales when a customer purchases the food, which is when our obligation to perform is satisfied.

## Franchise and Property Revenues

## Franchise Revenues

Our most significant source of revenues arises from the operation of our Concepts' stores by our franchisees. Franchise rights may be granted through a store-level franchise agreement or through a master franchise agreement that sets out the terms of our arrangement with the franchisee. Our franchise agreements require that the franchisee remit continuing fees to us as a percentage of the applicable restaurant's sales in exchange for the license of the intellectual property associated with our Concepts' brands (the 'franchise right'). Our franchise agreements also typically require certain, less significant, upfront franchise fees such as initial fees paid upon opening of a store, fees paid to renew the term of the franchise right and fees paid in the event the franchise agreement is transferred to another franchisee.

Continuing fees represent the substantial majority of the consideration we receive under our franchise agreements. Continuing fees are typically billed and  paid  monthly  and  are  usually 4%  - 6%  for  store-level  franchise  agreements. Master  franchise  agreements  allow  master  franchisees  to  operate restaurants as well as sub-franchise restaurants within certain geographic territories. The percentage of sales that we receive for restaurants owned or sub-franchised by our master franchisees as a continuing fee is typically less than the percentage we receive for restaurants operating under a storelevel franchise agreement. Based on the application of the sales-based royalty exception within Topic 606 continuing fees are recognized as the related restaurant sales occur.

Upfront franchise fees are typically billed and paid when a new franchise or sub-franchise agreement becomes effective or when an existing agreement is transferred to  another  franchisee  or  sub-franchisee.  We  have  determined that the services we provide in exchange for upfront franchise fees, which primarily  relate  to  pre-opening  support,  are  highly  interrelated  with  the  franchise  right  and  are  not  individually  distinct  from  the  ongoing  services  we provide to our franchisees. As a result, upfront franchise fees are recognized as revenue over the term of each respective franchise or sub-franchise agreement.  Revenues  for  these  upfront  franchise  fees  are  recognized  on  a  straight-line  basis,  which  is  consistent  with  the  franchisee's  or  subfranchisee's right to use and benefit from the intellectual property.

Additionally,  from  time-to-time  we  provide  consideration  to  franchisees  in  the  form  of  cash  (e.g.  cash  payments  to  offset  new  build  costs)  or  other incentives (e.g. free or subsidized equipment) with the intent to drive new unit development or same-store sales growth that will result in higher future revenues for the Company. Such payments are capitalized and presented within Prepaid expense and other current assets or Other assets. These assets are being amortized as a reduction in Franchise and property revenues over the period of expected cash flows from the franchise agreements to which the payment relates.

## Property Revenues

From time to time, we enter into rental agreements with franchisees for the lease or sublease of restaurant locations. These rental agreements typically originate from refranchising transactions and revenues related to the agreements are recognized as they are earned. Amounts owed under the rental agreements  are  typically  billed  and  paid  on  a  monthly  basis.  Related  expenses  are  presented  as  Franchise  and  property  expenses  within  our Consolidated Statements of Income and primarily include depreciation or, in the case of a sublease, rental expense.

## Franchise Contributions for Advertising and Other Services

## Advertising Cooperatives

We have determined we act as a principal in the transactions entered into by the advertising cooperatives we are required to consolidate based on our responsibility to define the nature of the goods or services provided and/or our commitment to pay for advertising services in advance of the related franchisee contributions. Additionally, we have determined the advertising services provided to franchisees are highly interrelated with the franchise right and  therefore  not  distinct.  Franchisees  remit  to  these  consolidated  advertising  cooperatives  a  percentage  of  restaurant  sales  as  consideration  for providing the advertising services. As a result, revenues for advertising services are recognized when the related franchise restaurant sales occur based on the application of the sales-based royalty exception within Topic 606. Revenues for these services are typically billed and received on a monthly basis.

## Other Goods or Services

On a much more limited basis, we provide goods or services to certain franchisees that are individually distinct from the franchise right because they do not require integration with other goods or services we provide. Such arrangements typically relate to technology, supply chain and quality assurance services. The extent to which we provide such goods or services varies by brand, geographic region and, in some instances, franchisee. In instances where we rely on third parties to provide goods or services to franchisees at our direction, we have determined we act as a principal in these transactions. These revenues are recognized as the goods or services are transferred to the franchisee.

Franchise  Support  Costs. Certain  direct  costs  of  our  franchise  operations  are  charged  to  Franchise  and  property  expenses.  These  costs  include provisions  for  estimated  uncollectible  upfront  and  continuing  fees,  rent  or  depreciation  expense  associated  with  restaurants  we  lease  or  sublease  to franchisees, marketing funding on behalf of franchisees, amortization expense for franchise-related intangible assets, value added taxes on royalties and certain other direct incremental franchise support costs.

The costs we incur to provide support services to our franchisees for which we do not receive a reimbursement are charged to General and administrative expenses ('G&amp;A') as incurred. Expenses related to the provisioning of goods or services for which we receive reimbursement for all or substantially all of the expense amount from a franchisee are recorded in Franchise advertising and other services expense (the associated revenue is recorded within Franchise contributions for advertising and other services as described above). The majority of these expenses relate to advertising and are incurred on behalf of franchisees by the advertising cooperatives we are required to consolidate. These expenses are accounted for as described in the Advertising Costs policy below. For such expenses that do not relate to advertising the expenses are recognized as incurred.

Advertising Costs. To the extent we participate in advertising cooperatives, we, like our participating franchisees, are required to make contributions. Our contributions are based on a percentage of sales of our participating Company restaurants. These contributions as well as direct marketing costs we may incur outside of a cooperative related to Company restaurants are recorded within Company restaurant expenses. Advertising expense included in Company restaurant expenses totaled $84 million, $68 million and $73 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

To the extent we consolidate advertising cooperatives, we incur advertising expense as a result of our obligation to spend franchisee contributions to those  cooperatives  (see  above  for  our  accounting  for  these  contributions).  Such  advertising  expense  is  recorded  in  Franchise  advertising  and  other services expense and totaled $1,264 million, $1,079 million and $1,133  million  in  2021,  2020  and  2019,  respectively. At  the  end  of  each  fiscal  year additional advertising costs are accrued to the extent advertising revenues exceed the related advertising expense to date, as we are obligated to expend such amounts on advertising.

From time to time, we may make the decision to incur discretionary advertising expenditures on behalf of franchised restaurants. Such  amounts  are recorded within Franchise and property expenses and totaled $11 million, $10 million and $10 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

To  the  extent  the  advertising  cooperatives  we  are  required  to  consolidate  are  unable  to  collect  amounts  due  from  franchisees  they  incur  bad  debt expense. In 2021 and 2020 we recorded $6 million and $7 million in net recoveries, respectively, and in 2019 we recorded $ 19 million in net provisions, within Franchise advertising and other services expense related to recoveries on and provisions for uncollectible franchisee receivables. To the extent our consolidated advertising cooperatives have a provision or recovery for bad debt expense, the cooperative's advertising spend obligation is adjusted such that there is no net impact within our Financial Statements.

Share-Based Employee Compensation. We recognize ongoing share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options and stock appreciation rights ('SARs'), in the Consolidated Financial Statements as compensation cost over the service period based on their fair value on the date of grant.  This compensation cost is recognized over the service period on a straight-line basis, net of an assumed forfeiture rate, for awards that actually vest.  Forfeiture rates are estimated at grant date based on historical experience and compensation cost is adjusted in subsequent periods for differences in actual forfeitures from the previous estimates. We present this compensation cost consistent with the other compensation costs for the employee recipient in either Company restaurant expenses or G&amp;A. See Note 16 for further discussion of our share-based compensation plans.

Legal  Costs. Settlement costs are accrued when they are deemed probable and reasonably estimable. Anticipated legal fees related to self-insured workers' compensation, employment practices liability, general liability, automobile liability, product liability and property losses (collectively, "property and casualty losses") are accrued when deemed probable and reasonably estimable. Legal fees not related to self-insured property and casualty losses are recognized as incurred. See Note 20 for further discussion of our legal proceedings.

Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. Long-lived assets, including Property, plant and equipment ('PP&amp;E') as well as right-of-use operating lease  assets  are  tested  for  impairment  whenever  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the  carrying  value  of  the  assets  may  not  be recoverable.  The assets are not recoverable if their carrying value is less than the undiscounted cash flows we expect to generate from such assets.  If the assets are not deemed to be recoverable, impairment is measured based on the excess of their carrying value over their fair value.

For purposes of impairment testing for our restaurants, we have concluded that an individual restaurant is the lowest level of independent cash flows unless it is more likely than not that we will refranchise restaurants as a group.  We review our long-lived assets of such individual restaurants (primarily PP&amp;E, right-of-use operating lease assets and allocated intangible assets subject to amortization) that we intend to continue operating as Company restaurants  annually  for  impairment,  or  whenever  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the  carrying  amount  of  a  restaurant  may  not  be recoverable.    We  use two consecutive years of operating losses as our primary indicator of potential impairment for our annual impairment testing of these restaurant assets.  We evaluate the recoverability of these restaurant assets by comparing the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, which are based on our entity-specific assumptions, to the carrying value of such assets.  For restaurant assets that are not deemed to be recoverable, we writedown an impaired restaurant to its estimated fair value, which becomes its new cost basis.  Fair value is an estimate of the price a franchisee would pay for the restaurant and its related assets, including any right-of-use assets, and is determined by discounting the estimated future after-tax cash flows of the restaurant, which include a deduction for royalties we would receive under a franchise agreement with terms substantially at market. The after-tax cash flows incorporate reasonable assumptions we believe a franchisee would make such as sales growth and margin improvement.  The discount rate used in  the  fair  value  calculation  is  our  estimate  of  the  required  rate  of  return  that  a  franchisee  would  expect  to  receive  when  purchasing  a  similar restaurant  and  the  related  long-lived  assets.    The  discount  rate  incorporates  rates  of  returns  for  historical  refranchising  market  transactions  and  is commensurate  with  the  risks  and  uncertainty  inherent  in  the  forecasted  cash  flows. Individual  restaurant-level  impairment  is  recorded  within  Other (income) expense. Any right-of-use asset may alternatively be valued at the amount we could receive for such right-of-use asset from a third-party that is not a franchisee through a sublease if doing so would result in less overall impairment of the restaurant assets in total.

In executing our refranchising initiatives, we most often offer groups of restaurants for sale.  When we believe it is more likely than not a restaurant or groups  of  restaurants  will  be  refranchised  for  a  price  less  than  their  carrying  value,  but  do  not  believe  the  restaurant(s)  have  met  the  criteria  to  be classified as held for sale, we review the restaurants for impairment.  We evaluate the recoverability of these restaurant assets by comparing estimated sales proceeds plus holding period cash flows, if any, to the carrying value of the restaurant or group of restaurants.  For restaurant assets that are not deemed to be recoverable, we recognize impairment for any excess of carrying  value  over  the  fair  value  of  the  restaurants,  which  is  based  on  the expected net sales proceeds.  To the extent ongoing agreements to be entered into with the franchisee simultaneous with the refranchising are expected to  contain  terms,  such  as  royalty  rates  or  rental  payments,  not  at  prevailing  market  rates,  we  consider  the  off-market  terms  in  our  impairment evaluation.  We recognize any such impairment charges in Refranchising (gain) loss.  We recognize gains on restaurant refranchisings when the sale transaction closes and control of the restaurant operations have transferred to the franchisee.

When we decide to close a restaurant, it is reviewed for impairment, which includes an estimate of sublease income that could be reasonably obtained, if any, in relation to the right-of-use operating lease asset. Additionally, depreciable lives are adjusted based on the expected disposal date.  Other costs incurred when closing a restaurant such as costs of disposing of the assets as well as other facility-related expenses from previously closed stores are generally  expensed  as  incurred.    Any  costs  recorded  upon  store  closure  as  well  as  any  subsequent  adjustments  to  liabilities  for  remaining  lease obligations as a result of lease termination or changes in estimates of sublease income are recorded in Other (income) expense.   To the extent we sell assets, primarily land, associated with a closed store, any gain or loss upon that sale is also recorded in Other (income) expense.

Management  judgment  is  necessary  to  estimate  future  cash  flows,  including  cash  flows  from  continuing  use,  terminal  value,  sublease  income  and refranchising proceeds.  Accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from our estimates.

Guarantees. We recognize, at inception of a guarantee, a liability for the fair value of certain obligations undertaken.  Additionally, effective January 1, 2020, we adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board's Accounting Standards Update ('ASU') No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses ('Topic 326') which required that we also recognize as a liability the expected credit losses over the life of such guarantees. As a result of the adoption of Topic 326, we recorded a cumulative adjustment to Accumulated deficit of $8 million to establish such expected credit loss liability for our outstanding guarantees.

The majority of our guarantees are issued as a result of assigning our interest in obligations under operating leases as a condition to the refranchising of certain Company restaurants.  We recognize a liability for such lease guarantees upon refranchising and upon subsequent renewals of such leases when we  remain  secondarily  liable.    The  related  expense  and  any  subsequent  changes  are  included  in  Refranchising  (gain)  loss.    Any  expense  and subsequent changes in the guarantees for other franchise support guarantees not associated with a refranchising transaction are included in Franchise and property expenses.

Income Taxes. We record deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement  carrying  amounts  of  existing  assets  and  liabilities  and  their  respective  tax  bases  as  well  as  operating  loss,  capital  loss  and  tax  credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those differences or carryforwards are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in  our  Income  tax  provision  in  the  period  that  includes  the  enactment  date.  Additionally,  in  determining  the  need  for  recording  a  valuation  allowance against the carrying amount of deferred tax assets, we consider the amount of taxable income and periods over which it must be earned, actual levels of past taxable income and known trends and events or transactions that are expected to affect future levels of taxable income. Where we determine that it is more likely than not that all or a portion of an asset will not be realized, we record a valuation allowance.

We recognize the benefit of positions taken or expected to be taken in our tax returns in our Income tax provision when it is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than fifty percent) that the position would be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. A recognized tax position is then measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the taxing authorities. We evaluate these amounts on a quarterly basis to ensure that they have been appropriately adjusted for audit settlements and other events we believe may impact the outcome. Changes in judgment that result in subsequent recognition, derecognition or a change in measurement of a tax position taken in a prior annual period (including any related interest and penalties) are recognized as a discrete item in the interim period in which the change occurs. We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as components of our Income tax provision.

We do not record a deferred tax liability for unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to the extent that the earnings meet the indefinite reversal criteria. This criteria is met if the foreign subsidiary has invested, or will invest, the earnings indefinitely. The decision as to the amount of unremitted earnings that we intend to maintain in non-U.S. subsidiaries considers items including, but not limited to, forecasts and budgets of financial needs of cash for working capital, liquidity plans and expected cash requirements in the U.S.

See Note 18 for a further discussion of our income taxes.

Fair Value Measurements. Fair value is the price we would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability (exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants.  For those assets and liabilities we record or disclose at fair value, we determine fair value based upon the quoted market price, if available.  If a quoted market price is not available for identical assets, we determine fair value based upon the quoted market price of similar assets or the present value of expected future cash flows considering the risks involved, including counterparty performance risk if appropriate, and using discount rates appropriate for the duration.  The fair values are assigned a level within the fair value hierarchy, depending on the source of the inputs into the calculation.

Level 1 Inputs based upon quoted prices in active markets for identical assets.

Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset, either directly or indirectly.

Level 3 Inputs that are unobservable for the asset.

Cash and Cash Equivalents. Cash equivalents represent funds we have temporarily invested (with original maturities not exceeding three months), including  short-term,  highly  liquid  debt  securities. Cash  and  overdraft  balances  that  meet  the  criteria  for  right  of  setoff  are  presented  net  on  our Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Receivables. The Company's receivables are  primarily  generated  from  ongoing  business  relationships  with  our  franchisees  as  a  result  of  franchise agreements, including contributions due to advertising cooperatives we consolidate.  These receivables from  franchisees  are  generally  due  within  30  days  of  the  period  in  which  the  corresponding  sales  occur  and  are  classified  as  Accounts  and  notes receivable, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Effective with the adoption of Topic 326 on January 1, 2020, our receivables are now stated net of expected credit losses. The impact to our net receivables as a result of adopting the standard was not significant. Expected credit losses for uncollectible franchisee receivable balances consider both current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions. Current conditions we consider include pre-defined aging criteria as well as specified events that indicate we may not collect the balance due. Reasonable and supportable forecasts used in determining the probability of future collection consider publicly available data regarding default probability.  While we use the best information available in making our determination, the ultimate recovery of recorded receivables is dependent upon future economic events and other conditions  that  may  be  beyond  our  control.    Receivables  that  are  ultimately  deemed  to  be  uncollectible,  and  for  which  collection  efforts  have  been exhausted, are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts.

We recorded $8 million of net bad debt recoveries in 2021 and $ 12 million and $24 million of net bad debt expense in 2020 and 2019, respectively, within Franchise and property expenses related to continuing fees, initial fees and rent receivables from our franchisees.

Accounts  and  notes  receivable  as  well  as  the  Allowance  for  doubtful  accounts,  including  balances  attributable  to  our  consolidated  advertising cooperatives, as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are as follows:

| 2021  2020  Accounts and notes receivable  $  632  $  579  Allowance for doubtful accounts  (36)  (45)  Accounts and notes receivable, net  $  596  $  534   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our financing receivables primarily consist of notes receivables and direct financing leases with franchisees which we enter into from time-to-time.  As these receivables primarily relate to our ongoing business agreements with franchisees, we consider such receivables to have similar risk characteristics and evaluate them as one collective portfolio segment and class for determining the allowance for doubtful accounts.  Balances of notes receivable and direct financing leases due within one year are included in Accounts and notes receivable, net while amounts due beyond one year are included in Other assets.  Amounts included in Other assets totaled $68 million (net of an allowance of less than $ 1 million) and $72 million (net of an allowance of less than $5 million) at December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively.  Financing receivables that are ultimately deemed to be uncollectible, and for  which  collection  efforts  have  been  exhausted,  are  written  off  against  the  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts.    Interest  income  recorded  on  financing receivables has historically been insignificant.

Property, Plant and Equipment. PP&amp;E is carried net of accumulated depreciation and amortization.  We calculate depreciation and amortization on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:  5 to 25 years for buildings and leasehold improvements and  3 to 20 years for machinery and equipment.  We suspend depreciation and amortization on assets that are held for sale.

Leases and Leasehold Improvements. We adopted ASU No. 2016-02, Leases ('Topic 842') as of the beginning of the year ended December 31, 2019, using a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of 2019. The cumulative effect of this transition was recorded as an increase to Accumulated deficit of $2 million as of this date. We lease land, buildings or both for certain of our Companyoperated  restaurants  and  restaurant  support  centers  worldwide.  Rental  expense  for  leased  Company-operated  restaurants  is  presented  in  our Consolidated Statements of Income within Company restaurant expenses and rental expense for restaurant support centers is presented within G&amp;A. The length of our lease terms, which vary by country and often include renewal options, are an important factor in determining the appropriate accounting for leases including the initial classification of the lease as finance or operating as well as the timing of recognition of rent expense over the duration of the lease. We include renewal option periods in determining the term of our leases when failure to renew the lease would impose a penalty on the Company in such an amount that a renewal appears to be reasonably certain at the commencement of the lease. The primary penalty to which we are subject is the economic detriment associated with the existence of leasehold improvements that might be impaired if we choose not to continue the use of the leased property. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the lease term.  We generally do not receive leasehold improvement incentives upon opening a store that is subject to a lease. We expense rent associated with leased land or buildings while a restaurant is being constructed whether rent is paid or we are subject to a rent holiday.  Our leasing activity for other assets, including equipment, is not significant.

Right-of-use  assets  and  liabilities  are  recognized  upon  lease  commencement  for  operating  and  finance  leases  based  on  the  present  value  of  lease payments over the lease term. Right-of-use assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Subsequent amortization of the right-of-use asset and accretion of the lease liability for an operating lease is recognized as a single lease cost, on a straight-line basis, over the lease term. For finance leases, the right-of-use asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the useful life of the leased asset or lease term. Interest on each finance lease liability is determined as the amount that results in a constant periodic discount rate on the remaining balance of the liability. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit discount rate, we use our incremental secured borrowing rate based on the information available at  commencement date,  including  the  lease  term  and  currency,  in  determining  the  present  value  of  lease  payments  for  both  operating  and  finance leases. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet; we recognize lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Right-of-use assets are assessed for impairment in accordance with our long-lived asset impairment policy, which is performed annually for restaurantlevel assets or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a restaurant may not be recoverable. We reassess lease  classification  and  remeasure  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities  when  a  lease  is  modified  and  that  modification  is  not  accounted  for  as  a separate new lease or upon certain other events that require reassessment. The difference between operating lease rental expense recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Income and cash payments for operating leases is recognized within Other, net within Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

In certain instances, we lease or sublease certain restaurants to franchisees. Our lessor and sublease portfolio primarily consists of stores that have been leased to franchisees subsequent to refranchising transactions. Our most significant leases with lease and non-lease components are leases with our franchisees that include both the right to use a restaurant as well as a license of the intellectual property associated with our Concepts' brands. For these leases, which are primarily classified as operating leases, we account for the lease and non-lease components separately. Revenues from rental agreements with franchisees are presented within Franchise and property revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Income and related expenses (e.g. depreciation and rent expense) are presented within Franchise and property expenses.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets. From  time-to-time, the Company acquires restaurants from one of our Concept's franchisees or acquires another business.  Goodwill from these acquisitions represents the excess of the cost of a business acquired over the net of the amounts assigned to assets acquired, including identifiable intangible assets and liabilities assumed.  Goodwill is not amortized and has been assigned to reporting units for purposes of impairment testing.  Our reporting units are our business units (which are aligned based on geography) in our KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and Habit Burger Grill Divisions.

We evaluate  goodwill  for  impairment  on  an  annual  basis  or  more  often  if  an  event  occurs  or  circumstances  change  that  indicate  impairment  might exist.  We have selected the beginning of our fourth quarter as the date on which to perform our ongoing annual impairment test for goodwill. We may elect to perform a qualitative assessment for our reporting units to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying value. If a qualitative assessment is not performed, or if as a result of a qualitative assessment it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, then the reporting unit's fair value is compared to its carrying value. Fair value is the price a willing  buyer  would  pay  for  a  reporting  unit,  and  is  generally  estimated  using  discounted  expected  future  after-tax  cash  flows  from  Company-owned restaurant operations, if any, and franchise royalties.  The discount rate is our estimate of the required rate of return that a third-party buyer would expect to  receive  when  purchasing  a  business  from  us  that  constitutes  a  reporting  unit.    We  believe  the  discount  rate  is  commensurate  with  the  risks  and uncertainty inherent in the forecasted cash flows.  An impairment charge is recognized based on the excess of a reporting unit's carrying amount over its fair value.

If we record goodwill upon acquisition of a restaurant(s) from a franchisee and such restaurant(s) is then sold within two years of acquisition, the goodwill associated with the acquired restaurant(s) is written off in its entirety.  If the restaurant is refranchised two years or more subsequent to its acquisition, we include goodwill in the carrying amount of the restaurants disposed of based on the relative fair values of the portion of the reporting unit disposed of in the refranchising and the portion of the reporting unit that will be retained.  The fair value of the portion of the reporting unit disposed of in a refranchising is determined by reference to the discounted value of the future cash flows expected to be generated by the restaurant and retained by the franchisee, which  includes  a  deduction  for  the  anticipated,  future  royalties  the  franchisee  will  pay  us  associated  with  the  franchise  agreement  entered  into simultaneously with the refranchising transition.  The fair value of the reporting unit retained is based on the price a willing buyer would pay for the reporting  unit  and  includes  the  value  of  franchise  agreements.    Appropriate  adjustments  are  made  if  a  franchise  agreement  includes  terms  that  are determined  to  not  be  at  prevailing  market  rates.    As  such,  the  fair  value  of  the  reporting  unit  retained  can  include  expected  cash  flows  from  future royalties from those restaurants currently being refranchised, future royalties from existing franchise businesses and company restaurant operations.  As a result, the percentage of a reporting unit's goodwill that will be written off in a refranchising transaction will be less than the percentage of the reporting unit's  Company-owned  restaurants  that  are  refranchised  in  that  transaction  and  goodwill  can  be  allocated  to  a  reporting  unit  with  only  franchise restaurants.

We  evaluate  the  remaining  useful  life  of  an  intangible  asset  that  is  not  being  amortized  each  reporting  period  to  determine  whether  events  and circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life. If an intangible asset that is not being amortized is subsequently determined to have a finite useful life, we amortize the intangible asset prospectively over its estimated remaining useful life. Intangible assets that are deemed to have a definite life are amortized on a straight-line basis to their residual value.

We evaluate our indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis or more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate impairments might exist. We perform our annual test for impairment of our indefinite-lived intangible assets at the beginning of our fourth quarter. We may elect to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is greater than its carrying value. If a qualitative assessment is not performed, or if as a result of a qualitative assessment it is not more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its carrying value, then the asset's fair value is compared to its carrying value. Fair value is an  estimate  of  the  price  a  willing  buyer  would  pay  for  the  intangible  asset  and  is  estimated  by  discounting  the  expected  future  after-tax  cash  flows associated with the intangible asset.

Our  definite-lived  intangible  assets  that  are  not  allocated  to  an  individual  restaurant  are  evaluated  for  impairment  whenever  events  or  changes  in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the intangible asset may not be recoverable.  An intangible asset that is deemed not recoverable on an undiscounted basis is written down to its estimated fair value, which is our estimate of the price a willing buyer would pay for the intangible asset based on discounted expected future after-tax cash flows.  For purposes of our impairment analysis, we update the cash flows that were initially used to value the definite-lived intangible asset to reflect our current estimates and assumptions over the asset's future remaining life.

Capitalized  Software. We state capitalized software at cost less accumulated amortization within Intangible assets, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We calculate amortization  on  a  straight  line  basis  over  the  estimated  useful  life  of  the  software  which  ranges  from 3  to 7  years  upon  initial capitalization.

Derivative Financial Instruments. We use derivative instruments primarily to hedge interest rate and foreign currency risks, and to reduce our exposure to market-driven charges in certain of the liabilities associated with employee compensation deferrals into our Executive Income Deferral ('EID') Plan. These derivative contracts are entered into with financial institutions. We do not use derivative instruments for trading purposes and we have procedures in place to monitor and control their use.

We record all derivative instruments on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as a cash flow hedge, gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of AOCI and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. For derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments, the gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations immediately.

As a result of the use of derivative instruments, the Company is exposed to risk that the counterparties will fail to meet their contractual obligations. To mitigate the counterparty credit risk, we only enter into contracts with carefully selected major financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and other factors, and continually assess the creditworthiness of counterparties. At December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, all of the counterparties to our  interest  rate  swaps  and  foreign  currency  forwards  had  investment  grade  ratings  according  to  the  three  major  ratings  agencies.  To  date,  all counterparties have performed in accordance with their contractual obligations.

Common Stock Share Repurchases. From time-to-time, we repurchase shares of our Common Stock under share repurchase programs authorized by our  Board  of  Directors.    Shares  repurchased  constitute  authorized,  but  unissued  shares  under  the  North  Carolina  laws  under  which  we  are incorporated.    Additionally,  our  Common  Stock  has no  par  or  stated  value.    Accordingly,  we  record  the  full  value  of  share  repurchases,  or  other deductions to Common Stock such as shares cancelled upon employee share-based award exercises, upon the trade date, against Common Stock on our Consolidated Balance Sheet except when to do so would result in a negative balance in such Common Stock account.  In such instances, on a period basis, we record the cost of any further share repurchases, or other deductions to Common Stock as an addition to Accumulated deficit.  Due to the  large  number  of  share  repurchases  of  our  stock  over  the  past  several  years,  our  Common  Stock  balance  is  frequently  zero  at  the  end  of  any period.  Accordingly, $1,549 million, $179 million and $796 million in share repurchases in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, were recorded as an addition to Accumulated deficit. Additionally, $18 million related to shares cancelled upon employee share-based award exercises in 2019 were recorded as an addition to Accumulated deficit. See Note 17 for additional information on our share repurchases.

Pension and Post-retirement Medical Benefits. We measure and recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of our pension and post-retirement plans as an asset or liability in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of our fiscal year end. The funded status represents the difference between the projected benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets, which is calculated on a plan-by-plan basis. The projected benefit obligation and related funded status are determined using assumptions as of the end of each year. The projected benefit obligation is the present value of benefits earned to date by plan participants, including the effect of future salary increases, as applicable. The difference between the projected benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets that has not previously been recognized in our Consolidated Statement of Income is recorded as a component of AOCI.

The  net  periodic  benefit  costs  associated  with  the  Company's  defined  benefit  pension  and  post-retirement  medical  plans  are  determined  using assumptions regarding the projected benefit obligation and, for funded plans, the market-related value of plan assets as of the beginning of each year, or remeasurement  period  if  applicable.  We  record  the  service  cost  component  of  net  periodic  benefit  costs  in  G&amp;A. Non-service  cost  components  are recorded in Other pension (income) expense. We have elected to use a market-related value of plan assets to calculate the expected return on assets, net of administrative and investment fees paid from plan assets, in net periodic benefit costs. For each individual plan we amortize into pension expense the net amounts in AOCI, as adjusted for the difference between the fair value and market-related value of plan assets, to the extent that such amounts exceed  10%  of  the  greater  of  a  plan's  projected  benefit  obligation  or  market-related  value  of  assets,  over  the  remaining  service  period  of  active participants in the plan or, for plans with no active participants, over the expected average life expectancy of the inactive participants in the plan. The market-related value of plan assets is the fair value of plan assets as of the beginning of each year adjusted for variances between actual returns and expected returns. We attribute such variances to the market-related value of plan assets evenly over five years.

We record a curtailment when an event occurs that significantly reduces the expected years of future service or eliminates the accrual of defined benefits for the future services of a significant number of employees. We record a curtailment gain when the employees who are entitled to the benefits terminate their employment; we record a curtailment loss when it becomes probable a loss will occur. We recognize settlement gains or losses only when we have determined that the cost of all settlements in a year will exceed the sum of the service and interest costs within an individual plan.

## Note 3 - Acquisitions

## Habit Burger Grill Acquisition

On March 18, 2020, we completed the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding common shares of The Habit Restaurants, Inc. As of the date of acquisition, The Habit Restaurants, Inc. operated 245 company-owned and 31 franchised Habit Burger Grill restaurants across the U.S. and in China, offering a flavor-forward variety of made-to-order items chargrilled over an open flame. We expect Habit Burger Grill to benefit from the global scale and resources of YUM and that the acquisition will accelerate and diversify YUM's growth.

Total cash consideration paid in connection with the acquisition was $ 408 million, net of acquired cash of $ 20 million. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. During the quarter ended March 31, 2021, we finalized our estimate of the fair value of the net assets acquired, which resulted in goodwill being reduced by $15 million compared to the initial fair value estimate recorded in the quarter ended March 31, 2020 ($2 million of this reduction was recorded in the quarter ended March 31, 2021). This final allocation of consideration to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired upon the March 18, 2020 acquisition is presented in the table below.

Total Current Assets

Other assets

Total Assets

Total Current Liabilities

Total Liabilities

Total identifiable net assets

Goodwill

Net consideration transferred

| $  11  Property, plant and equipment, net  111  Habit Burger Grill brand (included in Intangible assets, net)  96  Operating lease right-of-use assets (included in Other assets)  196  28  442  (68)  Operating lease liabilities (included in Other liabilities and deferred credits)  (170)  (238)  204  204  $  408   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the first quarter of 2020, the operations of substantially all Habit Burger Grill restaurants were impacted by COVID-19. As a result, we performed an  interim  impairment  test  of  the  Habit  Burger  Grill  reporting  unit  goodwill  as  of  March  31,  2020.  This  test  of  impairment  included  comparing  the estimated  fair  value  of  the  Habit  Burger  Grill  reporting  unit  to  its  carrying  value,  including  goodwill,  as  originally  determined  through  our  preliminary purchase price allocation. The fair value estimate of the Habit Burger Grill reporting unit was based on the estimated price a willing buyer would pay for the reporting unit and was determined using an income approach through a discounted cash flow analysis using unobservable inputs (Level 3). The most impactful of these inputs included future average unit volumes of Habit Burger Grill restaurants as well as restaurant unit counts. The fair value was determined based upon a probability-weighted average of three scenarios, which included assumed recovery of Habit Burger Grill average unit volumes to a pre-COVID-19 level over periods ranging from the beginning of 2021 to the end of 2022. Factors impacting restaurant unit counts were near-term unit closures as the result of COVID-19 as well as the pace of expected new unit development. Unit counts assumed were correlated with the expected recoveries in average unit volumes. Based upon this fair value estimate, we determined that the carrying value of our Habit Burger Grill reporting unit exceeded its fair value. As a result, during the first quarter of 2020 we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $139 million to Other (income) expense and  a  corresponding  income  tax  benefit  of  $32  million. As  we  continued  to  refine  our  preliminary  purchase  price  allocation  in  the  quarter  ended September 30, 2020, the impairment charge was adjusted upward by $5 million, which resulted in a corresponding income tax benefit of $ 1  million. Subsequent to these 2020 goodwill impairment charges and the finalization during the quarter ended March 31, 2021, of the allocation of consideration to the  net  assets  acquired  (described  above),  the  Habit  Burger  Grill  reporting  unit  goodwill  was  $60  million.  The  pro  forma  impact  on  our  results  of operations if the acquisition had been completed as of the beginning of 2019 would not have been significant.

## Dragontail Systems Acquisition

On  September  7,  2021,  we  completed  the  acquisition  of  Dragontail  Systems  Limited  ('Dragontail').  The  Dragontail  acquisition  advances  our  digital capabilities and its AI-based integrated kitchen order management and delivery technologies are intended to strengthen store operations, enhance the customer experience and make it easier for team members to run a restaurant. Total cash consideration paid in connection with the acquisition was $66 million, net of cash acquired of $ 3 million. This net consideration has been classified within Other, net cash flows from investing activities within our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. The primary assets recorded as a result of the preliminary purchase price allocation were goodwill of $57 million and amortizable intangible assets of $ 11 million. The amortizable intangible assets, which consist of software, have an estimated weighted average useful life of 7 years. The goodwill recorded resulted from synergies expected to be achieved through leveraging our scale and resources to enhance these technologies and deploy them globally to our brands and franchisees over time. Goodwill recognized from the Dragontail acquisition is non-deductible for tax purposes and has been allocated to our reporting units within the Pizza Hut Division operating segment that are expected to most benefit from the Dragontail acquisition. The purchase price allocation for Dragontail is preliminary and subject to completion of valuation analyses.

The financial results of Dragontail have been included in our Consolidated Financial Statements since the date of the acquisition but did not significantly impact our results for the year ended December 31, 2021. The pro forma impact on our results of operations if the acquisition had been completed as of the  beginning of 2020 would not have been significant. The direct transaction costs associated with the acquisition were also not material and were expensed as incurred.

## Note 4 Earnings Per Common Share ('EPS')

| 2021  2020  2019  Net Income  $  1,575  $  904  $  1,294  Weighted-average common shares outstanding (for basic calculation)  297  302  306  Effect of dilutive share-based employee compensation  5  5  7  Weighted-average common and dilutive potential common shares outstanding (for diluted  calculation)  302  307  313  Basic EPS  $  5.30  $  2.99  $  4.23  Diluted EPS  $  5.21  $  2.94  $  4.14  Unexercised employee stock options and stock appreciation rights (in millions) excluded from the  diluted EPS computation  1.1  4.8  2.0  (a)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) These unexercised employee stock options and stock appreciation rights were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would have been antidilutive for the periods presented.

## Note 5 Items Affecting Comparability of Net Income and Cash Flows

## Refranchising (Gain) Loss

The Refranchising (gain) loss by our Divisional reportable segments is presented below. Given the size and volatility of refranchising initiatives, our chief operating decision maker ('CODM') does not consider the impact of Refranchising (gain) loss when assessing Divisional segment performance. As such, we do not allocate such gains and losses to our Divisional segments for performance reporting purposes.

During the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we refranchised  83, 97 and 25 restaurants, respectively.  Additionally, during the years ended  December  31,  2021,  2020  and  2019,  we  sold  certain  restaurant  assets  associated  with  existing  franchise  restaurants  to  the  franchisee.  We received $85 million, $19 million and $110 million in pre-tax cash refranchising proceeds in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, as a result of the sales of these  restaurants  and  restaurant  assets. In  2020,  we  also  received  as  refranchising  proceeds  minority  interests  in  Devyani  International  Limited ('Devyani'), as discussed further below. At the time of the refranchisings, these minority interests had fair values estimated to be $31 million. In 2019, we also received as refranchising proceeds a minority interest in an entity that owns our KFC and Pizza Hut master franchisee rights in Brazil. At the time of refranchising, the fair value of this minority interest was estimated to be $6 million.

A summary of Refranchising (gain) loss is as follows:

| Refranchising (gain) loss  2021  2020  2019  KFC Division  $  (1)  $  (33)  $  (6)  Taco Bell Division  (29)  (2)  (31)  Pizza Hut Division  1  1  -  Habit Burger Grill Division  (6)  -  -  Worldwide  $  (35)  $  (34)  $  (37)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Unlocking Opportunity Initiative

On June 24, 2020, the Yum! Brands, Inc. Board of Directors approved the establishment of the Company's new global 'Unlocking Opportunity Initiative' including a $100 million investment over the next five years to fight inequality by unlocking opportunities for employees, restaurant team members and communities.  The  Company  contributed  $50  million  in  the  second  quarter  of  2020  to  Yum!  Brands  Foundation,  Inc.  (a  stand-alone,  not-for-profit organization that is not consolidated in the Company's results) as part of these efforts and investment. As a result of the size and specific nature of this contribution the associated General and administrative expense was not allocated to any of our segment operating results for performance reporting purposes.

## COVID-19 Relief

During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded a charge of $ 25 million related to a contribution made to Yum! Brands Foundation, Inc. expected to fund past and anticipated payments for COVID-19 relief provided to restaurant-level employees within the YUM system diagnosed with COVID-19 or acting as the primary caregiver for someone diagnosed with COVID-19. As a result of the size and specific nature of this contribution the associated General and administrative expense was not allocated to any of our segment operating results for performance reporting purposes.

## Resource Optimization

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded charges of $ 7 million to General and administrative expenses and $ 2 million to Other (income) expense and we recorded a credit of $1 million to Other pension (income) expense related to a resource optimization program initiated in the third quarter of 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded charges of $36 million to General and administrative expenses and $ 2 million to Other pension (income) expense related to this resource optimization program.

The charges incurred as a result of this program were primarily associated with a voluntary retirement program offered to our U.S. based employees and a worldwide severance program. This program is part of our efforts to optimize our resources, reallocating them toward critical areas of the business that will drive future growth. These critical areas include accelerating our digital, technology and innovation capabilities to deliver a modern, world-class team member and customer experience and improve unit economics. Due to their scope and size, these costs were not allocated to any of our segment operating results for performance reporting purposes.

## Investment in Devyani

In 2020, we received an approximate 5% minority interest in Devyani, an entity that operates KFC and Pizza Hut franchised units in India. The minority interest was received in lieu of cash proceeds upon the refranchising of approximately 60 KFC restaurants in India. At the time of the refranchisings, the fair value of this minority interest was estimated to be approximately $31 million. On August 16, 2021, Devyani executed an initial public offering and subsequently the fair value of this investment became readily determinable. As a result, concurrent with the initial public offering we began recording changes in fair value in Investment (income) expense, net in our Consolidated Statements of Income and recognized pre-tax investment income of $87 million, in the year ended December 31, 2021 (see Note 14).

Refinancing of Credit Agreement and Redemption of Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes

On March 15, 2021, certain subsidiaries of the Company completed a refinancing of our Credit Agreement. As a result, fees expensed of $ 4 million as well as previously recorded unamortized debt issuance costs written off of $8 million were recognized within Interest expense, net.

On April 23, 2021, certain subsidiaries of the Company issued a notice of redemption for June 1, 2021, for $ 1,050 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25% Subsidiary  Senior  Unsecured  Notes  due  in  2026.  The  redemption  amount  was  equal  to 102.625% of the $1,050 million aggregate principal amount redeemed, reflecting a $28 million 'call premium'. We recognized the call premium and the write-off of $ 6 million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the notes within Interest expense, net.

On September 9, 2020, certain subsidiaries of the Company issued a notice of redemption for $ 1,050  million  aggregate  principal  amount  of 5.00% Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes due in 2024. The redemption amount included a $26 million call premium plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption of October 9, 2020. We recorded the call premium, $6 million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the notes and $2 million of accrued and unpaid interest associated with the period of time from prepayment of the notes with the trustee on September 25, 2020, to their redemption date within Interest expense, net.

See Note 11 for further discussion of the Credit Agreement and Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes.

## Investment in Grubhub, Inc. ("Grubhub")

In April of 2018 we purchased  2.8 million shares of Grubhub common stock for $ 200 million. In the quarter ended September 30, 2020, we sold our entire investment in Grubhub and received proceeds of $206 million. While we held our investment in Grubhub common stock we recognized changes in the fair  value  in  our  investment  in  our  Consolidated  Statements  of  Income. For  the  years  ended  December  31,  2020  and  2019,  we  recognized  pre-tax investment income of $69 million and pre-tax investment expense of $ 77 million, respectively.

## Income Tax Matters

In December of 2019, we completed intra-entity transfers of certain intellectual property ('IP') rights. As a result of the transfer of certain of these rights, largely to subsidiaries in the United Kingdom ('UK'), we received a step-up in tax basis to current fair value under applicable tax law. To the extent this step-up in tax basis was amortizable against future taxable income, we recognized a one-time deferred tax benefit of $226 million in the quarter ended December 31, 2019. Additionally, we recognized a related deferred tax benefit of $3 million in the year ended December 31, 2020.

On July 22, 2020, the UK Finance Act 2020 was enacted resulting in an increase in the UK corporate tax rate from 17% to 19%. As a result, in the year ended  December  31,  2020,  we  remeasured  the  related  deferred  tax  assets  originally  recorded  as  described  above  and  recognized  an  additional $25 million deferred tax benefit.

On June 10, 2021, the UK Finance Act 2021 was enacted resulting in an increase in the UK corporate income tax rate from 19% to 25%. As a result, in the year ended December 31, 2021, we remeasured the related deferred tax assets originally recorded as described above and recognized an additional $64 million deferred tax benefit.

In  July  2021,  we  concentrated  management  responsibility  for  European  (excluding  the  UK)  KFC  franchise  development,  support  operations  and management oversight in Switzerland (the 'KFC Europe Reorganization'). Concurrent with this change in management responsibility, we have completed intra-entity transfers of certain KFC IP rights from subsidiaries in the UK to subsidiaries in Switzerland. With the transfers of these rights, we received a step-up in amortizable tax basis to current fair value under applicable Swiss tax law. As a result of this transfer, we recorded a net one-time deferred tax benefit of $152 million in the year ended December 31, 2021.

In  December  2021,  we  continued  our  KFC  Europe  Reorganization  and  completed  intra-entity  transfers  of  additional  European  KFC  IP  rights  from subsidiaries in the U.S. to subsidiaries in Switzerland. With the transfers of these additional rights, we received a step-up in amortizable tax basis to current fair value under applicable Swiss tax law. As a result of this transfer, we recorded a net one-time deferred tax benefit of $35 million in the year ended December 31, 2021.

See Note 18.

## Note 6 - Revenue Recognition

## Disaggregation of Total Revenues

The following tables disaggregate revenue by Concept, for our two most significant markets based on Operating Profit and for all other markets. We believe this disaggregation best reflects the extent to which the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of our revenues and cash flows are impacted by economic factors.

| 2021  KFC Division  Taco Bell  Division  Pizza Hut  Division  Habit Burger  Grill Division  Total  U.S.  Company sales  $  65  $  944  $  21  $  520  $  1,550  Franchise revenues  198  661  279  4  1,142  Property revenues  14  44  5  -  63  Franchise contributions for advertising and other services  28  545  317  1  891  China  Franchise revenues  235  -  62  -  297  Other  Company sales  531  -  25  -  556  Franchise revenues  1,049  37  249  -  1,335  Property revenues  61  -  2  -  63  Franchise contributions for advertising and other services  612  7  68  -  687  $  2,793  $  2,238  $  1,028  $  525  $  6,584   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2020  KFC Division  Taco Bell  Division  Pizza Hut  Division  Habit Burger  Grill Division  Total  U.S.  Company sales  $  60  $  882  $  21  $  346  $  1,309  Franchise revenues  184  593  272  1  1,050  Property revenues  16  44  5  -  65  Franchise contributions for advertising and other services  18  483  317  -  818  China  Franchise revenues  204  -  51  -  255  Other  Company sales  446  -  55  -  501  Franchise revenues  833  25  222  -  1,080  Property revenues  58  -  2  -  60  Franchise contributions for advertising and other services  453  4  57  -  514  $  2,272  $  2,031  $  1,002  $  347  $  5,652   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2019  KFC Division  Taco Bell  Division  Pizza Hut  Division  Total  U.S.  Company sales  $  74  $  919  $  21  $  1,014  Franchise revenues  175  602  282  1,059  Property revenues  20  44  6  70  Franchise contributions for advertising and other services  10  483  318  811  China  Franchise revenues  214  -  60  274  Other  Company sales  497  2  33  532  Franchise revenues  912  27  246  1,185  Property revenues  69  -  3  72  Franchise contributions for advertising and other services  520  2  58  580  $  2,491  $  2,079  $  1,027  $  5,597   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Contract Liabilities

Our contract liabilities are comprised of unamortized upfront fees received from franchisees and are presented within Accounts payable and other current liabilities and Other liabilities and deferred credits on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. A summary of significant changes to the contract liability balance during 2021 and 2020 is presented below.

| Deferred Franchise Fees  Balance at December 31, 2019  $  441  Revenue recognized that was included in unamortized upfront fees received from franchisees at the beginning of the  period  (76)  Increase for upfront fees associated with contracts that became effective during the period, net of amounts recognized as  revenue during the period  53  Other  (3)  Balance at December 31, 2020  $  415  Revenue recognized that was included in unamortized upfront fees received from franchisees at the beginning of the  period  (74)  Increase for upfront fees associated with contracts that became effective during the period, net of amounts recognized as  revenue during the period  87  Other  (7)  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  421  (a)  (a)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)    Includes impact of foreign currency translation, as well as, in 2021, the recognition of deferred franchise fees into Refranchising (gain) loss upon the modification of existing franchise agreements when entering into master franchise agreements.

We expect to recognize contract liabilities as revenue over the remaining term of the associated franchise agreement as follows:

| Less than 1 year  $  68  1 - 2 years  61  2 - 3 years  57  3 - 4 years  50  4 - 5 years  44  Thereafter  141  Total  $  421   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We have applied the optional exemption, as provided for under Topic 606, which allows us to not disclose the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations when the transaction price is a sales-based royalty.

## Note 7 - Supplemental Cash Flow Data

| 2021  2020  2019  Cash Paid For:  Interest  $  474  $  480  $  497  Income taxes  308  328  283  Significant Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities:  Non-cash refranchising proceeds  -  31  6  Reconciliation of Cash and cash equivalents to Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:  Cash and cash equivalents as presented in Consolidated Balance Sheets  $  486  $  730  $  605  Restricted cash included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets  250  258  138  Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents included in Other assets  35  36  25  Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash as presented in Consolidated Statements of Cash  Flows  $  771  $  1,024  $  768  (a)  (b)  (c)  (d)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Amounts  exclude  payments  of  $28  million  in  both  2021  and  2020  classified  as  Interest  expense  in  our  Consolidated  Statements  of Income which are included in Repayments of long-term debt within financing activities in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (see Note 11).

(b) In 2020 we received as refranchising consideration a minority interest in an entity (Devyani) that operates KFC and Pizza Hut franchised units in India (see Note 5) and in 2019 we received as refranchising consideration a minority interest in an entity that owns our KFC and Pizza Hut master franchisee rights in Brazil.

(c) Restricted cash within Prepaid expenses and other current assets reflects the cash related to advertising cooperatives which we consolidate that can only be used to settle obligations of the respective cooperatives and cash held in reserve for Taco Bell Securitization interest payments (see Note 11).

(d) Primarily trust accounts related to our self-insurance programs.

## Note 8 - Other (Income) Expense

| 2021  2020  2019  Foreign exchange net (gain) loss and other  $  (14)  $  (18)  $  (1)  Impairment and closure expense  16  172  5  Other (income) expense  $  2  $  154  $  4  (a)  (b)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( a )    The  year  ended  December  31,  2019,  includes  a  charge  of  $ 8  million  for  the  settlement  of  contingent  consideration  associated  with  our  2013 acquisition of the KFC Turkey and Pizza Hut Turkey businesses.

- ( b )    The year ended December 31, 2020, includes a charge of $ 144 million related to the impairment of Habit Burger Grill goodwill (see Note 3). The year ended December 31, 2020, also includes charges of $12 million related to the impairment of restaurant-level assets and charges of $ 11 million related to the write-off of software no longer being used.

## Note 9 -Supplemental Balance Sheet Information

| Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets  2021  2020  Income tax receivable  $  50  $  35  Restricted cash  250  258  Assets held for sale  12  7  Other prepaid expenses and current assets  138  125  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  $  450  $  425  (a)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Property, Plant and Equipment  2021  2020  Land  $  412  $  428  Buildings and improvements  1,403  1,423  Finance leases, primarily buildings  67  71  Machinery, equipment and other  595  543  Property, plant and equipment, gross  2,477  2,465  Accumulated depreciation and amortization  (1,270)  (1,230)  Property, plant and equipment, net  $  1,207  $  1,235   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation and amortization expense related to PP&amp;E was $ 134 million, $132 million and $114 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

| Other Assets  2021  2020  Operating lease right-of-use assets  $  809  $  851  Franchise incentives  164  163  Investment in Devyani International Limited  118  31  Other  396  390  Other assets  $  1,487  $  1,435   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Accounts Payable and Other Current Liabilities  2021  2020  Accounts payable  $  227  $  215  Accrued compensation and benefits  292  225  Accrued advertising  229  196  Operating lease liabilities  88  97  Accrued interest  78  73  Other current liabilities  420  383  Accounts payable and other current liabilities  $  1,334  $  1,189   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)    Assets held for sale reflect the carrying value of restaurants we have offered for sale to franchisees and excess properties that we do not intend to use for restaurant operations in the future.

## Note 10 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows:

| KFC  Taco Bell  Pizza Hut  Habit Burger Grill  Worldwide  Goodwill, net as of December 31, 2019  $  233  $  98  $  199  $  - $  530  Disposals and other, net  2  -  3  -  5  Habit Burger Grill acquisition and impairment (See Note 3)  -  -  -  62  62  Goodwill, net as of December 31, 2020  $  235  $  98  $  202  $  62 $  597  Acquisitions  -  -  -  10  10  Disposals and other, net  (3)  -  (2)  (2)  (7)  Dragontail Systems acquisition (See Note 3)  -  -  57  -  57  Goodwill, net as of December 31, 2021  $  232  $  98  $  257  $  70 $  657  (a)  (b)  (a)  (b)  (a)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) Goodwill,  net  includes  $144  million  of  accumulated  impairment  loss  recorded  in  the  year  ended  December  31,  2020,  related  to  our Habit  Burger  Grill  segment  and  $17  million  of  accumulated  impairment  losses  for  each  year  presented  related  to  our  Pizza  Hut segment.
- (b) Disposals  and  other,  net  includes  the  impact  of  foreign  currency  translation  on  existing  balances  and  goodwill  write-offs  associated  with refranchising.

Intangible assets, net for the years ended 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| 2021  2020  Gross Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Gross Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Definite-lived intangible assets  Capitalized software costs  $  409  $  (214)  $  335  $  (160)  Reacquired franchise rights  41  (33)  39  (33)  Franchise contract rights  100  (88)  100  (85)  Other  53  (36)  53  (33)  $  603  $  (371)  $  527  $  (311)  Indefinite-lived intangible assets  KFC trademark  $  31  $  31  Habit Burger Grill brand asset  96  96  $  127  $  127   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amortization expense for all definite-lived intangible assets was $ 76 million in 2021, $63 million in 2020 and $ 52 million in 2019.  Amortization expense for definite-lived intangible assets is expected to approximate $82 million in 2022, $60 million in 2023, $46 million in 2024, $21 million in 2025 and $ 11 million in 2026.

## Note 11 - Short-term Borrowings and Long-term Debt

| 2021  2020  Short-term Borrowings  Current maturities of long-term debt  $  75  $  463  Less current portion of debt issuance costs and discounts  (7)  (10)  Short-term borrowings  $  68  $  453  Long-term Debt  Securitization Notes  $  3,811  $  2,869  Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes  750  1,800  Term Loan A Facility  750  431  Term Loan B Facility  1,489  1,916  YUM Senior Unsecured Notes  4,475  3,725  Finance lease obligations (See Note 12)  64  72  $  11,339  $  10,813  Less debt issuance costs and discounts  (86)  (78)  Less current maturities of long-term debt  (75)  (463)  Long-term debt  $  11,178  $  10,272   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Securitization Notes

Taco Bell  Funding,  LLC  (the  'Issuer'),  a  special  purpose  limited  liability  company  and  a  direct,  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  Taco  Bell  Corp.  ('TBC') through  a  series  of  securitization  transactions  has  issued  fixed  rate  senior  secured  notes  collectively  referred  to  as  the  'Securitization  Notes'. The following table summarizes Securitization Notes outstanding at December 31, 2021:

| Interest Rate  Issuance Date  Anticipated Repayment Date  Outstanding Principal  (in millions)  Stated  Effective  May 2016  May 2026  $  955  4.970 %  5.14  %  November 2018  November 2028  $  606  4.940 %  5.06  %  August 2021  February 2027  $  900  1.946 %  2.11  %  August 2021  February 2029  $  600  2.294 %  2.42  %  August 2021  August 2031  $  750  2.542 %  2.64  %  (a)  (b)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The legal final  maturity  dates  of  the  Securitization  Notes  issued  in  2016,  2018  and  2021  are  May  2046,  November  2048  and  August  2051, respectively. If the Issuer has not repaid or refinanced a series of Securitization Notes prior to its respective Anticipated Repayment Dates, rapid amortization of principal on all Securitization Notes will occur and additional interest will accrue on the Securitization Notes.

(b) Includes the effects of the amortization of any discount and debt issuance costs.

The  Securitization  Notes  were  issued  in  transactions  pursuant  to  which  certain  of  TBC's  domestic  assets,  consisting  principally  of  franchise-related agreements  and  domestic  intellectual  property,  were  contributed  to  the  Issuer  and  the  Issuer's  special  purpose,  wholly-owned  subsidiaries  (the 'Guarantors', and collectively with the Issuer, the "Securitization Entities") to secure the Securitization Notes. The Securitization Notes are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Securitization Entities, and include a lien on all existing and future U.S. Taco Bell franchise and license agreements and the royalties payable thereunder, existing and future U.S. Taco Bell intellectual property, certain transaction accounts and a pledge of the equity interests in asset owning Securitization Entities. The remaining U.S. Taco Bell assets that were excluded from the transfers to the Securitization Entities continue to be held by Taco Bell of America, LLC ("TBA") and TBC. The Securitization Notes are not guaranteed by the remaining U.S. Taco Bell assets, the Company, or any other subsidiary of the Company.

On August 19, 2021, the Issuer completed a refinancing transaction and issued $ 900 million of its Series 2021-1 1.946% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes, Class A-2-I (the '2021 Class A-2-I Notes'), $600 million of its Series 2021-1 2.294% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes, Class A-2-II (the '2021 Class A-2-II Notes') and $750 million of its Series 2021-1 2.542% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes, Class A-2-III (the '2021 Class A-2-III Notes' and, together with the 2021 Class A-2-I Notes and the 2021 Class A-2-II Notes, the '2021 Class A-2 Notes'). The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2021 Class A-2 Notes were used to repay in full the 2016-1 Class A-2- II Notes of $480 million and 2018-1 Class A-2-I Notes of $ 804 million. The remaining net proceeds were distributed to TBC to pay certain transaction-related expenses, for general corporate purposes and to return capital to shareholders of the Company.

Payments of interest and principal on the Securitization Notes are made from the continuing fees paid pursuant to the franchise and license agreements with all U.S. Taco Bell restaurants, including both company and franchise operated restaurants. Interest on and principal payments of the Securitization Notes are due on a quarterly  basis. In  general, no amortization of principal of the Securitization Notes is required prior to their anticipated repayment dates  unless as of any quarterly measurement date the consolidated leverage ratio (the ratio of total debt to Net Cash Flow (as defined in the related indenture)) for the preceding four fiscal quarters of either the Company and its subsidiaries or the Issuer and its subsidiaries exceeds 5.0:1, in which case amortization  payments  of  1%  per  year  of  the  outstanding  principal  as  of  the  closing  of  the  Securitization  Notes  are  required. As  of  the  most  recent quarterly  measurement  date  the  consolidated  leverage  ratio  for  both  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  as  well  as  the  Issuer  and  its  subsidiaries exceeded 5.0:1 and, as a result, amortization payments are required.

As a result of the issuance of the 2021 Class A-2 Notes, $ 19 million of fees were capitalized as debt issuance costs. The debt issuance costs are being amortized  to  Interest  expense,  net  through  the  Anticipated  Repayment  Dates  of  the  Securitization  Notes  utilizing  the  effective  interest  rate  method. Previously recorded unamortized debt issuance costs written off totaling approximately $5 million were recognized within Interest expense, net due to the extinguishment of the 2016-1 Class A-2-II Notes and 2018-1 Class A-2-I Notes.

The  Securitization  Notes  are  subject  to  a  series  of  covenants  and  restrictions  customary  for  transactions  of  this  type,  including  (i)  that  the  Issuer maintains specified reserve accounts to be available to make required interest payments in respect of the Securitization Notes, (ii) provisions relating to optional  and  mandatory  prepayments  and  the  related  payment  of  specified  amounts,  including  specified  make-whole  payments  in  the  case  of  the Securitization Notes under certain circumstances, (iii) certain indemnification payments relating to taxes, enforcement costs and other customary items and (iv) covenants relating to recordkeeping, access to information and similar matters. The Securitization Notes are also subject to rapid amortization events provided for in the indenture, including events tied to failure to maintain a stated debt service coverage ratio (as defined in the related indenture) of at least 1.1:1, gross domestic sales for U.S. Taco Bell restaurants being below certain levels on certain measurement dates, a manager termination event, an event of default and the failure to repay or refinance the Securitization Notes on the Anticipated Repayment Date (subject to limited cure rights). The Securitization Notes are also subject to certain customary events of default, including events relating to non-payment of required interest or principal due  on  the  Securitization  Notes,  failure  to  comply  with  covenants  within  certain  time  frames,  certain  bankruptcy  events,  breaches  of  specified representations and warranties, failure of security interests to be effective, certain judgments and failure of the Securitization Entities to maintain a stated debt service coverage ratio. As of December 31, 2021, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenant requirements and were not subject to any rapid amortization events.

In accordance with the indenture, certain cash accounts have been established with the indenture trustee for the benefit of the note holders, and are restricted in their use. The indenture requires a certain amount of securitization cash flow collections to be allocated on a weekly basis and maintained in a cash reserve account. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had restricted cash of $84 million primarily related to required interest reserves included in  Prepaid  expenses  and  other  current  assets  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets. Once the required obligations are satisfied, there are no further restrictions, including payment of dividends, on the cash flows of the Securitization Entities.

Additional cash reserves are required if any of the rapid amortization events occur, as noted above, or in the event that as of any quarterly measurement date the Securitization Entities fail to maintain a debt service coverage ratio (or the ratio of Net Cash Flow to all debt service payments for the preceding four fiscal quarters) of at least 1.75:1. The amount of weekly securitization cash flow collections that exceed the required weekly allocations is generally remitted to the Company. During the most recent quarter ended December 31, 2021, the Securitization Entities maintained a debt service coverage ratio significantly in excess of the 1.75:1 requirement.

## Term Loan Facilities, Revolving Facility and Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes

KFC Holding Co., Pizza Hut Holdings, LLC, and TBA, each of which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as co-borrowers (the "Borrowers") have entered into a credit agreement providing for senior secured credit facilities and a $1.25

billion revolving facility (the Revolving Facility"). The senior secured credit facilities, which include a Term Loan A Facility and a Term Loan B Facility, and the  Revolving Facility  are  collectively  referred  to  as  the  "Credit  Agreement". Additionally, the Borrowers through a series of transactions have issued Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes (collectively referred to as the 'Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes').

On March 15, 2021, the Borrowers completed the refinancing of the then existing $ 1.9 billion term loan B facility, $ 431 million term loan A facility and $1.0 billion revolving facility through the issuance of a $ 1.5 billion term loan B facility maturing March 15, 2028 (the 'Term Loan B Facility'), a $ 750 million term loan A facility maturing March 15, 2026 (the 'Term Loan A Facility') and a $1.25 billion revolving facility maturing March 15, 2026 (the 'Revolving Facility') pursuant to an amendment to the Credit Agreement. The amendment reduced the interest rate currently applicable to the refinanced Term Loan A Facility and for borrowings under the refinanced Revolving Facility by 25 basis points.

As a result of this Credit Agreement refinancing, $ 8 million of fees were capitalized as debt issuance costs, $ 3 million of which were paid directly to lenders. The debt issuance costs will be amortized to Interest expense, net through the contractual maturities of the Credit Agreement using the effective interest method. During the quarter ended March 31, 2021, fees expensed of $4 million as well as previously recorded unamortized debt issuance costs written off of $8 million were recognized within Interest expense, net due to this refinancing.

On April 23, 2021, the Borrowers issued a notice of redemption for June 1, 2021 for $ 1,050 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25%  Subsidiary Senior  Unsecured  Notes  due  in  2026  (the  '2026  Notes').  The  redemption  amount  was  equal  to 102.625%  of  the  $1,050  million  aggregate  principal amount redeemed, reflecting a $28 million 'call premium'. We recognized the call premium and the write-off of $ 6 million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the 2026 Notes within Interest expense, net in the quarter ended June 30, 2021.

The following table summarizes borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement as well as our Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes as of December 31, 2021. There are no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Facility and $ 2.1 million of letters of credit outstanding as of December 31, 2021.

| Interest Rate  Issuance Date  Maturity Date  Outstanding  Principal  (in millions)  Stated  Effective  Term Loan A Facility  March 2021  March 2026  $  750  (a)  0.96  %  Term Loan B Facility  March 2021  March 2028  $  1,489  (a)  4.99  %  Senior Note Due 2027  June 2017  June 2027  $  750  4.75 %  4.90  %  (b)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) Subsequent to the refinance, the interest rates applicable to the Term Loan A Facility as well as the Revolving Facility range from 0.75% to 1.50% plus LIBOR or from  0.00% to 0.50% plus the Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement), at the Borrowers' election, based upon the total  leverage  ratio  (as  defined  in  the  Credit  Agreement). As  of  December  31,  2021,  the  interest  rate  spreads  on  the  LIBOR  and  Base  Rate applicable to our Term Loan A Facility were 0.75% and 0.00%, respectively.

The interest rates applicable to the Term Loan B Facility are  1.75% plus LIBOR or  0.75% plus the Base Rate, at the Borrowers' election.

- (b)    Includes the effects of the amortization of any discount and debt issuance costs as well as the impact of the interest rate swaps on the Term Loan A and Term Loan B Facilities (see Note 13). The effective rates related to our Term Loan A and B Facilities are based on LIBOR-based interest rates through December 31, 2021.

The refinanced Term Loan A Facility is subject to quarterly amortization payments in an amount equal to 0.625% of the principal amount of the facility as of the refinance date beginning with the second quarter of 2022. The Term Loan A Facility quarterly amortization payments increase to 1.25% of the principal amount of the facility as of the refinance date beginning with the second quarter of 2024 with the balance payable at maturity on March 15, 2026.

The Term Loan B Facility is subject to  quarterly amortization payments in an amount equal to  0.25% of the initial principal amount of the facility as of the refinance  date  with  the  balance  now  payable  at  maturity  on  March  15,  2028. All  other  material  provisions  under  the  Credit  Agreement  remained unchanged.

The Credit Agreement is unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and certain of the Borrowers' principal domestic subsidiaries and excludes Taco Bell  Funding  LLC  and  its  special  purpose,  wholly-owned  subsidiaries  (see  above). The  Credit  Agreement  is  also  secured  by  first  priority  liens  on substantially all assets of the Borrowers and each subsidiary guarantor, excluding the stock of certain subsidiaries and certain real property, and subject to other customary exceptions.

The Credit Agreement is subject to certain mandatory prepayments, including an amount equal to 50% of excess cash flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement) on an annual basis and the proceeds of certain asset sales, casualty events and issuances of indebtedness, subject to customary exceptions and reinvestment rights.

The Credit Agreement includes two financial maintenance covenants which  require the Borrowers to maintain a total leverage ratio (defined as the ratio of Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA (as these terms are defined in the Credit Agreement)) of 5.0:1 or less and a fixed charge coverage ratio (defined as the ratio of EBITDA minus capital expenditures to fixed charges (inclusive of rental expense and scheduled amortization)) of at least 1.5:1, each as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. The Credit Agreement includes other affirmative and negative covenants and events of default that are customary for facilities  of  this  type. The Credit Agreement contains, among other things, limitations on certain additional indebtedness and liens, and certain other transactions specified in the agreement. We were in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2021 .

The Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by (i) the Company, (ii) the Specified Guarantors (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and (iii) by each of the Borrower's and the Specified Guarantors' domestic subsidiaries that guarantees the Borrower's obligations under the Credit Agreement, except for any of the Company's foreign subsidiaries. The indenture governing the Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes contains  covenants  and  events  of  default  that  are  customary  for  debt  securities  of  this  type. We  were  in  compliance  with  all  debt  covenants  as  of December 31, 2021.

## YUM Senior Unsecured Notes

The  majority  of  our  remaining  long-term  debt  primarily  comprises  YUM  Senior  Unsecured  Notes. The  following  table  summarizes  all  YUM  Senior Unsecured Notes issued that remain outstanding at December 31, 2021:

| Interest Rate  Issuance Date  Maturity Date  Principal Amount (in  millions)  Stated  Effective  October 2007  November 2037  $  325  6.88 %  7.45  %  October 2013  November 2023  $  325  3.88 %  4.01  %  October 2013  November 2043  $  275  5.35 %  5.42  %  September 2019  January 2030  $  800  4.75 %  4.90  %  April 2020  April 2025  $  600  7.75 %  8.05  %  September 2020  March 2031  $  1,050  3.63 %  3.77  %  April 2021  January 2032  $  1,100  4.63 %  4.77  %  (a)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Includes the effects of the amortization of any (1) premium or discount; (2) debt issuance costs; and (3) gain or loss upon settlement of related treasury locks and forward starting interest rate swaps utilized to hedge the interest rate risk prior to debt issuance.

On April 1, 2021, Yum! Brands, Inc. issued $ 1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.625% YUM Senior Unsecured Notes due January 31, 2032 (the '2032 Notes'). Interest on the 2032 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on October 1, 2021. The Company paid debt issuance costs of $13 million in connection with the 2032 Notes. The debt issuance costs will be amortized to Interest expense, net over the life of the 2032 Notes using the effective interest method. We used the net proceeds from the 2032 Notes to fund the redemption of the 2026 Notes discussed above.

On June 30, 2021, Yum! Brands, Inc. issued a notice of redemption for $ 350 million aggregate principal amount of 3.75% YUM Senior Unsecured Notes due November 1, 2021 (the '2021 Notes'). The redemption, which occurred on August 2, 2021, was in an amount equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2021 Notes, plus accrued interest to the date of redemption.

The  YUM  Senior  Unsecured  Notes  represent  senior,  unsecured  obligations  and  rank  equally  in  right  of  payment  with  all  of  our  existing  and  future unsecured  unsubordinated  indebtedness. Our  YUM  Senior  Unsecured  Notes  contain  covenants  and  events  of  default  that  are  customary  for  debt securities of this type, including cross-default provisions whereby the acceleration of the maturity of any of our indebtedness in a principal amount in excess of $50 million ($100 million or more in the case of the YUM Senior Unsecured Notes issued in 2019 and subsequent years) will constitute a default  under  the  YUM  Senior  Unsecured  Notes  unless  such  indebtedness  is  discharged,  or  the  acceleration  of  the  maturity  of  that  indebtedness  is annulled, within 30 days after notice.

The annual maturities of all Short-term borrowings and Long-term debt as of December 31, 2021, excluding finance lease obligations of $ 64 million and debt issuance costs and discounts of $93 million are as follows:

| Year ended:  2022  $  68  2023  398  2024  87  2025  692  2026  1,606  Thereafter  8,424  Total  $  11,275   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interest expense on Short-term borrowings and Long-term debt was $ 551 million, $558 million and $519 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

## Note 12 - Lease Accounting

Components of Lease Expense

| 2021  2020  2019  Operating lease cost  $  145  $  137  $  115  Finance lease cost  Amortization of right-of-use assets  5  5  3  Interest on lease liabilities  4  3  3  Total finance lease cost  $  9  $  8  $  6  Sublease income  $  (59)  $  (60)  $  (69)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Supplemental Cash Flow Information

| 2021  2020  2019  Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities  Operating cash flows from operating leases  $  140  $  133  $  104  Operating cash flows from finance leases  4  3  3  Financing cash flows from finance leases  4  5  4  Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations  Operating leases  119  296  79  Finance leases  5  4  14  Operating lease liabilities transferred through refranchising  (25)  (3)  (25)  Finance lease and other debt obligations transferred through refranchising  (2)  (1)  (1)  (a)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)    The year ended December 31, 2020, includes right-of-use assets acquired as part of the acquisition of Habit Burger Grill of $ 196 million (See Note 3).

Supplemental Balance Sheet Information

| 2021  2020  Consolidated Balance Sheet  Assets  Operating lease right-of-use assets  $  809  $  851  Other assets  Finance lease right-of-use assets  37  40  Property, plant and equipment, net  Total right-of-use assets  $  846  $  891  Liabilities  Current  Operating  $  88  $  97  Accounts payable and other current liabilities  Finance  7  7  Short-term borrowings  Non-current  Operating  793  823  Other liabilities and deferred credits  Finance  57  65  Long-term debt  Total lease liabilities  $  945  $  992  Weighted-average Remaining Lease Term (in years)  Operating leases  10.9  11.1  Finance leases  12.1  12.2  Weighted-average Discount Rate  Operating leases  4.9 %  5.1 %  Finance leases  6.4 %  6.5 %  (a)  (a)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)    U.S. operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities totaled $ 516 million and $577 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021, and $ 499 million and $556 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2020. These amounts primarily related to Taco Bell U.S. and the Habit Burger Grill including  leases  related  to  Company-operated  restaurants,  leases  related  to  franchise-operated  restaurants  we  sublease  and  the  Taco  Bell restaurant support center.

## Maturity of Lease Payments and Receivables

Future minimum lease payments, including rental payments for lease renewal options we are reasonably certain to exercise, and amounts to be received as lessor or sublessor as of December 31, 2021, were as follows:

| Commitments  Lease Receivables  Finance  Operating  Direct  Financing  Operating  2022  $  10  $  131  $  4  $  84  2023  9  128  3  81  2024  8  119  3  78  2025  7  109  3  68  2026  7  101  2  72  Thereafter  48  575  23  550  Total lease payments/receipts  89  1,163  38  $  933  Less imputed interest/unearned income  (25)  (282)  (14)  Total lease liabilities/receivables  $  64  $  881  $  24   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  of  December  31,  2021,  we  have  executed  real  estate  leases  that  have  not  yet  commenced  with  estimated  future  nominal  lease  payments  of approximately $125 million, which are not included in the tables above. These leases are expected to commence in 2022 and 2023 with lease terms of up to 20 years.

## Note 13 - Derivative Instruments

We use derivative instruments to manage certain of our market risks related to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates.

## Interest Rate Swaps

We have entered into interest rate swaps with the objective of reducing our exposure to interest rate risk for a portion of our variable-rate debt interest payments. On July 25, 2016, we agreed with multiple counterparties to swap the variable LIBOR-based component of the interest payments related to $1.55 billion of borrowings under our Term Loan B Facility. These interest rate swaps expired in July 2021.  Further, on May 14, 2018, we entered into forward-starting interest rate swaps to fix the interest rate on $1.5 billion of combined borrowings under our Term Loan A and Term Loan B Facilities from the date the July 2016 swaps expired through March 2025.  The interest rate swaps executed in May 2018 result in fixed rates of 3.81% and 4.81% on the swapped portion of the Term Loan A and Term Loan B Facilities, respectively, from July 2021 through March 2025.  These interest rate swaps are designated cash flow hedges as the changes in the future cash flows of the swaps are expected to offset changes in expected future interest payments on the related variable-rate debt.  There were no other interest rate swaps outstanding as of December 31, 2021.

Gains  or  losses  on  the  interest  rate  swaps  are  reported  as  a  component  of  AOCI  and  reclassified  into  Interest  expense,  net  in  our  Consolidated Statements of Income in the same period or periods during which the related hedged interest payments affect earnings. Through December 31, 2021, the swaps were highly effective cash flow hedges.

## Foreign Currency Contracts

We have entered into foreign currency forward and swap contracts with the objective of reducing our exposure to earnings volatility arising from foreign currency fluctuations associated with certain foreign currency denominated intercompany receivables and payables. The notional amount, maturity date, and currency of these contracts match those of the underlying intercompany receivables or payables. Our foreign currency contracts are designated cash flow hedges as the future cash flows of the contracts are expected to offset changes in intercompany receivables and payables due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.

Gains or losses on the foreign currency contracts are reported as a component of AOCI. Amounts are reclassified from AOCI each quarter to offset foreign currency transaction gains or losses recorded within Other (income) expense when the related intercompany receivables and payables affect earnings due to their functional currency remeasurements.  Through December

31, 2021, all foreign currency contracts related to intercompany receivables and payables were highly effective cash flow hedges.

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, foreign currency contracts outstanding related to intercompany receivables and payables had total notional amounts of $28 million and $39 million, respectively. Our foreign currency forward contracts all have durations that expire in 2022.

As a result of the use of interest rate swaps and foreign currency contracts, the Company is exposed to risk that the counterparties will fail to meet their contractual obligations. To mitigate the counterparty credit risk, we only enter into contracts with major financial institutions carefully selected based upon their credit ratings and other factors, and continually assess the creditworthiness of counterparties. At December 31, 2021, all of the counterparties to our interest rate swaps and foreign currency contracts had investment grade ratings according to the three major ratings agencies. To date, all counterparties have performed in accordance with their contractual obligations.

Gains and losses on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges recognized in OCI and reclassifications from AOCI into Net Income:

| Gains/(Losses) Recognized in OCI  (Gains)/Losses Reclassified from  AOCI into Net Income  2021  2020  2019  2021  2020  2019  Interest rate swaps  $  34  $  (103)  $  (71)  $  29  $  10  $  (17)  Foreign currency contracts  -  4  20  (1)  (4)  (8)  Income tax benefit/(expense)  (9)  24  16  (5)  (1)  4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2021, the estimated net loss included in AOCI related to our cash flow hedges that will be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months is $38 million, based on current LIBOR interest rates.

## Total Return Swaps

Beginning in 2021, we have entered into total return swap derivative contracts, with the objective of reducing our exposure to market-driven changes in certain of the liabilities associated with compensation deferrals into our EID plan. While these total return swaps represent economic hedges, we have not designated  them  as  hedges  for  accounting  purposes. As  a  result,  the  changes  in  the  fair  value  of  these  derivatives  are  recognized  immediately  in earnings within General and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income largely offsetting the changes in the associated EID liabilities. The fair value associated with the total return swaps as of December 31, 2021, was not significant.

See Note 14 for the fair value of our derivative assets and liabilities.

## Note 14 - Fair Value Disclosures

As of December 31, 2021, the carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term investments, accounts receivable, short-term borrowings and accounts payable approximated their fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The fair value of notes receivable net of allowances and lease guarantees less subsequent amortization approximates their carrying value. The following table presents the carrying value and estimated fair value of the Company's debt obligations:

| 2021  2020  Carrying Value  Fair Value  (Level 2)  Carrying Value  Fair Value  (Level 2)  Securitization Notes  $  3,811  $  3,872  $  2,869  $  3,015  Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes  750  784  1,800  1,890  Term Loan A Facility  750  748  431  428  Term Loan B Facility  1,489  1,490  1,916  1,907  YUM Senior Unsecured Notes  4,475  4,845  3,725  4,094  (a)  (b)  (b)  (b)  (b)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a)    We estimated the fair value of the Securitization Notes using market quotes and calculations. The markets in which the Securitization Notes trade are not considered active markets.
- ( b )    We estimated the fair value of the YUM and Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes, Term Loan A Facility, and Term Loan B Facility using market quotes and calculations based on market rates.

## Recurring Fair Value Measurements

The Company has interest rate swaps, foreign currency contracts and other investments, all of which are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring  basis  (see  Note  13  for  discussion  regarding  derivative  instruments). The  following  table  presents  fair  values  for  those  assets  and  liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the measurements fall.

| Fair Value  Consolidated Balance Sheet  Level  2021  2020  Assets  Foreign Currency Contracts  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  2  -  1  Other Investments  Other assets  1  119  45  Other Investments  Other assets  3  5  -  Liabilities  Interest Rate Swaps  Accounts Payable and other current liabilities  2  38  28  Interest Rate Swaps  Other liabilities and deferred credits  2  54  127   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of the Company's foreign currency contracts and interest rate swaps were determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows considering the risks involved, including nonperformance risk, and using discount rates appropriate for the duration based on observable inputs.

The other investments as of December 31, 2021, primarily include our approximate  5% minority interest in Devyani with a fair value of $ 118 million. On August 16, 2021, Devyani executed an initial public offering and subsequently the fair value of these equity securities became readily determinable (see Note  5).  Prior  to  the  initial  public  offering  the  fair  value  of  these  equity  securities  was  not  readily  determinable  and  we  applied  the  measurement alternative in accordance with ASC Topic 321, Investments - Equity Securities.

The other investments as of December 31, 2020, primarily include investments in mutual funds, which were historically used to offset fluctuations for a portion of our EID liabilities and whose fair values were determined based on the closing market prices of the respective mutual funds. In the quarter ended March 31, 2021, upon entering into the total return swaps as disclosed in Note 13, we sold these investments in mutual funds and received cash proceeds of $44 million. These proceeds have been classified within Other, net cash flows from investing activities within our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

## Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements

During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  we  recognized  non-recurring  fair  value  measurements  of  $ 6  million  related  to  refranchising  related impairment.  Refranchising related impairment results from writing down the assets of restaurants or restaurant groups offered for refranchising, including certain instances where a decision has been made to refranchise restaurants that are deemed to be impaired.  The fair value measurements used in our impairment  evaluation  were  based  on  actual  bids  received  from  potential  buyers  (Level  2).    The  remaining  net  book  value  of  these  restaurants  at December 31, 2021, was approximately $6 million.

During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we recognized non-recurring fair value measurements of $ 4 million and $12 million, respectively, related  to  restaurant-level  impairment. Restaurant-level  impairment  charges  are  recorded  in  Other  (income)  expense  and  resulted  primarily  from  our impairment evaluation of long-lived assets of individual restaurants that were being operated at the time of impairment and had not been offered for refranchising. The fair value measurements used in these impairment evaluations were based on discounted cash flow estimates using unobservable inputs (Level 3). These amounts exclude fair value measurements made for assets that were subsequently disposed of prior to those respective year end dates. The remaining net book value of restaurant assets measured at fair value during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, was $16 million and $11 million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we also recognized impairment charges related to our Habit Burger Grill reporting unit. See Note 3.

## Note 15 - Pension, Retiree Medical and Retiree Savings Plans

## U.S. Pension Plans

We  sponsor  qualified  and  supplemental  (non-qualified)  noncontributory  defined  benefit  plans  covering  certain  full-time  salaried  and  hourly  U.S. employees.  The  qualified  plan  meets  the  requirements  of  certain  sections  of  the  Internal  Revenue  Code  and  provides  benefits  to  a  broad  group  of employees  with  restrictions  on  discriminating  in  favor  of  highly  compensated  employees  with  regard  to  coverage,  benefits  and  contributions.  The supplemental plans provides additional benefits to certain employees. We fund our supplemental plans as benefits are paid.

The most significant of our U.S. plans is the YUM Retirement Plan (the 'Plan'), which is a qualified plan. Our funding policy with respect to the Plan is to contribute  amounts  necessary  to  satisfy  minimum  pension  funding  requirements,  including  requirements  of  the  Pension  Protection  Act  of  2006,  plus additional amounts from time-to-time as are determined to be necessary to improve the Plan's funded status. We do not expect to make any significant contributions to the Plan in 2022. Our two significant U.S. plans, including the Plan and a supplemental plan, were previously amended such that any salaried employee hired or rehired by YUM after September 30, 2001, is not eligible to participate in those plans.

We do not anticipate any plan assets being returned to the Company during 2022 for any U.S. plans.

## Obligation and Funded Status at Measurement Date:

The following chart summarizes the balance sheet impact, as well as benefit obligations, assets, and funded status associated with our two significant U.S. pension plans.  The actuarial valuations for all plans reflect measurement dates coinciding with our fiscal year end.

| 2021  2020  Change in benefit obligation:  Benefit obligation at beginning of year  $  1,133  $  1,015  Service cost  8  8  Interest cost  32  35  Plan amendments  1  1  Special termination benefits  -  2  Benefits paid  (33)  (46)  Settlement payments  (67)  -  Actuarial (gain) loss  (5)  118  Benefit obligation at end of year  $  1,069  $  1,133   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A significant  component  of  the  overall  decrease  in  the  Company's  benefit  obligation  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  was  due  to  settlement payments, which were primarily related to a resource optimization program initiated in the third quarter of 2020 (see Note 5).

A significant component of the overall increase in the Company's benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2020, was due to an actuarial loss, which was primarily due to a decrease in the discount rate used to measure our benefit obligation from 3.50%  at  December  31,  2019,  to 2.80%  at December 31, 2020.

| 2021  2020  Change in plan assets:  Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year  $  1,014  $  886  Actual return on plan assets  88  168  Employer contributions  8  6  Benefits paid  (33)  (46)  Settlement payments  (67)  -  Fair value of plan assets at end of year  $  1,010  $  1,014  Funded status at end of year  $  (59)  $  (119)  Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet:  2021  2020  Accrued benefit asset - non-current  $  43  $  -  Accrued benefit liability - current  (7)  (9)  Accrued benefit liability - non-current  (95)  (110)  $  (59)  $  (119)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accumulated benefit obligation was $ 1,048 million and $1,111 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

The table below provides information for those pension plan(s) with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets. The pension plan(s) included also have a projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets.

| 2021  2020  Projected benefit obligation  $  102  $  1,133  Accumulated benefit obligation  98  1,111  Fair value of plan assets  -  1,014  Components of net periodic benefit cost:  2021  2020  2019  Service cost  $  8  $  8  $  6  Interest cost  32  35  39  Amortization of prior service cost  6  5  6  Expected return on plan assets  (43)  (43)  (44)  Amortization of net loss  14  14  1  Net periodic benefit cost  $  17  $  19  $  8  Additional (gain) loss recognized due to:  Settlement charges  $  -  $  -  $  3  Special termination benefits  $  -  $  2  $  -  (a)  (b)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Prior service costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of employees expected to receive benefits.

(b) Settlement losses result when benefit payments exceed the sum of the service cost and interest cost within a plan during the year. These losses were recorded in Other pension (income) expense.

Pension gains (losses) in AOCI:

| 2021  2020  Beginning of year  $  (111)  $  (136)  Net actuarial gain (loss)  49  7  Curtailments  -  1  Amortization of net loss  14  14  Amortization of prior service cost  6  5  Prior service cost  (1)  (2)  End of year  $  (43)  $  (111)  Accumulated pre-tax losses recognized within AOCI:  2021  2020  Actuarial net loss  $  (33)  $  (96)  Prior service cost  (10)  (15)  $  (43)  $  (111)  Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at the measurement dates:  2021  2020  Discount rate  3.00 %  2.80 %  Rate of compensation increase  3.00 %  3.00 %  Weighted-average assumptions used to determine the net periodic benefit cost for fiscal years:  2021  2020  2019  Discount rate  2.80 %  3.50 %  4.60 %  Long-term rate of return on plan assets  5.25 %  5.50 %  5.75 %  Rate of compensation increase  3.00 %  3.00 %  3.00 %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets represents the weighted-average of expected future returns on the asset categories included in our target investment allocation based primarily on the historical returns for each asset category and future growth expectations.

## Plan Assets

The fair values of our pension plan assets at December 31, 2021 and 2020 by asset category and level within the fair value hierarchy are as follows:

| 2021  2020  Level 1:  Cash  $  237  $  9  Cash Equivalents  80  10  Fixed Income Securities - U.S. Corporate  41  164  Equity Securities - U.S.  -  409  Equity Securities - Non-U.S.  -  102  Level 2:  Fixed Income Securities - U.S. Corporate  49  148  Fixed Income Securities - U.S. Government and Government Agencies  175  354  Fixed Income Securities - Other  30  30  Total assets in the fair value hierarchy  612  1,226  Investments measured at net asset value  Equity Securities  456  -  Total fair value of plan assets (f)  $  1,068  $  1,226  (a)  (b)  (b)  (b)  (c)  (d)  (d)  (e)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Short-term investments in money market funds.

(b) Securities held in common or collective trusts.

(c) Investments held directly by the Plan.

(d) Includes securities held in common or collective trusts and investments held directly by the Plan.

(e) Includes securities that have been measured at fair value using the net asset value per unit practical expedient due to the absence of readily available market prices. Accordingly, these securities have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.

(f) 2021 and 2020 exclude net unsettled trade payables of $ 58 million and $212 million, respectively.

Our primary objectives regarding the investment strategy for the Plan's assets are to reduce interest rate and market risk and to provide adequate liquidity to  meet  immediate  and  future  payment  requirements.  To  achieve  these  objectives,  we  are  using  a  combination  of  active  and  passive  investment strategies. As of December 31, 2021, the Plan's assets were in the process of being transitioned to the weighted-average target allocation summarized as follows:

| Asset Category  Target Allocation  Fixed income  49  %  Equity securities  32  %  Real assets  19  %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In addition to allocation differences between target percentages and actual plan assets at December 31, 2021, due to the transition described above, allocations to each asset class may vary from target allocations due to periodic investment strategy changes, market value fluctuations, the length of time it takes to fully implement investment allocation positions and the timing of benefit payments and contributions.

Fixed income securities at December 31, 2021, primarily consist of a diversified portfolio of long duration instruments that are intended to mitigate interest rate risk or reduce the interest rate duration mismatch between the assets and liabilities of the Plan.

A smaller allocation (constituting  40% of the fixed income target allocation) is to diversified credit investments in a range of public and credit securities, including below investment grade rated bonds and loans, securitized credit and emerging market debt.

Equity securities at December 31, 2021, consist primarily of investments in publicly traded common stocks and other equity-type securities issued by companies throughout the world, including convertible securities, preferred stock, rights and warrants.

Real assets represent investments in real estate and infrastructure. These may take the form of debt or equity securities in public or private funds. No amounts had yet to be invested in real assets at December 31, 2021, as part of the aforementioned transition.

A mutual fund held as an investment by the Plan includes shares of Common Stock valued at $ 0.2 million and $0.3 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, (less than 1% of total plan assets in each instance).

## Benefit Payments

The benefits expected to be paid in each of the next five years and in the aggregate for the five years thereafter are set forth below:

| Year ended:  2022  $  47  2023  50  2024  52  2025  57  2026  59  2027 - 2031  293   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Expected benefit payments are estimated based on the same assumptions used to measure our benefit obligation on the measurement date and include benefits attributable to estimated future employee service.

## International Pension Plans

We also sponsor various defined benefit plans covering certain of our non-U.S. employees, the most significant of which are in the UK. Both of our UK plans have previously been frozen such that they are closed to new participants and existing participants can no longer earn future service credits.

At the end of 2021 and 2020, the projected benefit obligations of these UK plans totaled $ 351 million and $362 million, respectively and plan assets totaled $446 million and $440 million, respectively. These plans were both in a net overfunded position at the end of 2021 and 2020. Total actuarial pretax losses related to the UK plans of $5 million and $18 million were recognized in AOCI at the end of 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total net periodic benefit income recorded was less than $1 million in both 2021 and 2020, and $ 2 million in 2019.

The  funding  rules  for  our  pension  plans  outside  of  the  U.S.  vary  from  country  to  country  and  depend  on  many  factors  including  discount  rates, performance of plan assets, local laws and regulations. We do not plan to make significant contributions to either of our UK plans in 2022.

## Retiree Medical Benefits

Our  post-retirement  plan  provides  health  care  benefits,  principally  to  U.S.  salaried  retirees  and  their  dependents,  and  includes  retiree  cost-sharing provisions and a cap on our liability.  This plan was previously amended such that any salaried employee hired or rehired by YUM after September 30, 2001, is  not  eligible  to  participate  in  this  plan.    Employees  hired  prior  to  September  30,  2001,  are  eligible  for  benefits  if  they  meet  age  and  service requirements and qualify for retirement benefits.  We fund our post-retirement plan as benefits are paid.

At the end of 2021 and 2020, the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation was $ 42 million and $46 million, respectively.  Actuarial pre-tax gains of $6 million and $4 million were recognized in AOCI at the end of 2021 and 2020, respectively. The net periodic benefit cost recorded was $1 million in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019, the majority of which is interest cost on the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation.  The weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations and net periodic benefit cost for the post-retirement medical plan are identical to those as shown for the U.S. pension plans.

The benefits expected to be paid in each of the next five years are approximately $ 3 million and in aggregate for the five years thereafter are $ 13 million.

## U.S. Retiree Savings Plan

We sponsor a contributory plan to provide retirement benefits under the provisions of Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code (the '401(k) Plan') for eligible  U.S.  salaried  and  hourly  employees.    Participants  are  able  to  elect  to  contribute  up  to 75%  of  eligible  compensation  on  a  pre-tax basis.  Participants may allocate their contributions to one or any combination of multiple investment options or a self-managed account within the 401(k) Plan.  We match 100% of the participant's contribution to the 401(k) Plan up to  6% of eligible compensation.  We recognized as compensation expense our total matching contribution of $11 million in 2021, $10 million in 2020 and $ 11 million in 2019.

## Note 16 - Share-based and Deferred Compensation Plans

## Overview

At year end 2021, we had one stock award plan in effect: the Yum! Brands, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 'LTIP').  Potential awards to employees and  non-employee  directors  under  the  LTIP  include  stock  options,  incentive  stock  options,  SARs,  restricted  stock,  restricted  stock  units  ('RSUs'), performance restricted stock units, performance share units ('PSUs') and performance units.  We have issued only stock options, SARs, RSUs and PSUs under the LTIP.  Under the LTIP, the exercise price of stock options and SARs granted must be equal to or greater than the average market price or the ending market price of the Company's stock on the date of grant. While awards under the LTIP can have varying vesting provisions and exercise periods, outstanding awards under the LTIP vest in periods ranging from immediate  to five  years. Stock options and SARs generally expire ten  years after grant. At year end 2021, approximately 24 million shares were available for future share-based compensation grants under the LTIP.

Our EID Plan allows participants to defer receipt of a portion of their annual salary and all or a portion of their incentive compensation.  As defined by the EID Plan, we credit the amounts deferred with earnings based on the investment options selected by the participants.  These investment options are limited to cash, phantom shares of our Common Stock, phantom shares of a Stock Index Fund and phantom shares of a Bond Index Fund.  Investments in cash and phantom shares of both index funds will be distributed in cash at a date as elected by the employee and therefore are classified as a liability on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recognize compensation expense for the appreciation or the depreciation, if any, of investments in cash and both of the index funds.  Deferrals into the phantom shares of our Common Stock will be distributed in shares of our Common Stock, under the LTIP,  at a  date  as  elected  by  the  employee  and  therefore  are  classified  in  Common  Stock  on  our  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets.    We  do  not  recognize compensation expense for the appreciation or the depreciation, if any, of investments in phantom shares of our Common Stock.  Our EID plan also allows certain  participants  to  defer  incentive  compensation  to  purchase  phantom  shares  of  our  Common  Stock  and  receive  a 33%  Company  match  on  the amount  deferred.    Deferrals  receiving  a  match  are  similar  to  an  RSU  award  in  that  participants  will  generally  forfeit  both  the  match  and  incentive compensation amounts deferred if they voluntarily separate from employment during a vesting period that is two years from the date of deferral.  We expense the intrinsic value of the match and the incentive compensation amount over the requisite service period which includes the vesting period.

Historically, the Company has repurchased shares on the open market in excess of the amount necessary to satisfy award exercises and expects to continue to do so in 2022.

In connection with the 2016 spin-off of our China business into an independent, publicly-traded company under the name of Yum China Holdings, Inc. ("Yum China"), under the provisions of our LTIP , employee stock options, SARs, RSUs and PSUs outstanding at that time were adjusted to maintain the pre-spin  intrinsic  value  of  the  awards. Depending  on  the  tax  laws  of  the  country  of  employment,  awards  were  modified  using  either  the  shareholder method or the employer method. Share-based compensation as recorded in Net Income is based on the amortization of the fair value for both YUM and Yum China awards held by YUM employees. The fair value of Yum China awards held by YUM employees became fully amortized in the year ended December 31, 2020. Share issuances for Yum China awards held by YUM employees will be satisfied by Yum China.  Share issuances for YUM awards held by Yum China employees are being satisfied by YUM.

## Award Valuation

We estimated the fair value of each stock option and SAR award as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions:

| 2021  2020  2019  Risk-free interest rate  0.5 %  1.0 %  2.5 %  Expected term  6.3 years  5.8 years  6.5 years  Expected volatility  27.0 %  24.0 %  22.0 %  Expected dividend yield  1.9 %  1.9 %  1.8 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Grants made to executives typically have a graded vesting schedule of  25% per year over four years and expire ten years after grant.  We use a single weighted-average term for our awards that have a graded vesting schedule.  Based on analysis of our historical exercise and post-vesting termination behavior, we have determined that our executives exercised the awards on average after 6.3 years.

When determining expected volatility, we consider both historical volatility of our stock as well as implied volatility associated with our publicly-traded options.  The expected dividend yield is based on the annual dividend yield at the time of grant.

The fair values of PSU awards without market-based conditions and RSU awards are based on the closing price of our Common Stock on the date of grant. The fair values of PSU awards with market-based conditions have been valued based on the outcome of a Monte Carlo simulation.

## Award Activity

## Stock Options and SARs

| Shares  (in thousands)  Weighted-Average  Exercise  Price  Weighted- Average  Remaining Contractual  Term (years)  Aggregate Intrinsic  Value (in millions)  Outstanding at the beginning of the year  15,562  $  74.52  Granted  757  103.85  Exercised  (3,720)  60.77  Forfeited or expired  (329)  94.60  Outstanding at the end of the year  12,270  79.96  6.12  $  723  Exercisable at the end of the year  8,405  $  72.53  5.35  $  557  (a)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Outstanding awards include 403 options and 11,867 SARs with weighted average exercise prices of $ 74.80 and $80.14, respectively. Outstanding awards represent YUM awards held by employees of both YUM and Yum China.

The  weighted-average  grant-date  fair  value  of  stock  options  and  SARs  granted  during  2021,  2020  and  2019  was  $ 21.32,  $18.83  and  $19.82, respectively.    The  total  intrinsic  value  of  stock  options  and  SARs  exercised  during  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021,  December  31,  2020  and December 31, 2019, was $234 million, $170 million and $204 million, respectively.

As of December 31, 2021, $30 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options and SARs, which will be reduced by any forfeitures that occur, is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of approximately 1.5  years. The total fair value at grant date of awards held by YUM employees (including Yum China awards as applicable) that vested during 2021, 2020 and 2019 was $35 million, $70 million and $31 million, respectively.

## RSUs and PSUs

As of December 31, 2021, there was $ 81 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to  1.4 million unvested RSUs and PSUs. The majority of the unrecognized compensation cost is attributable to PSUs granted in 2021 with a net new unit performance condition and a three-year service vesting period. The total fair value at grant date of awards that vested during 2021, 2020 and 2019 was $20 million, $15 million and $14 million, respectively.

## Impact on Net Income

The components of share-based compensation expense and the related income tax benefits are shown in the following table:

| 2021  2020  2019  Options and SARs  $  29  $  75  $  39  Restricted Stock Units  16  20  12  Performance Share Units  30  2  8  Total Share-based Compensation Expense  $  75  $  97  $  59  Deferred Tax Benefit recognized  $  15  $  18  $  9   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash received from stock option exercises for 2021, 2020 and 2019 was $ 11 million, $10 million and $1 million, respectively.  Tax benefits realized on our tax returns from tax deductions associated with share-based compensation for 2021, 2020 and 2019 totaled $72 million, $58 million and $66  million, respectively.

## Note 17 - Shareholders' Deficit

Under the authority of our Board of Directors, we repurchased shares of our Common Stock during 2021, 2020 and 2019.  All amounts exclude applicable transaction fees.

| Shares Repurchased  (thousands)  Dollar Value of Shares  Repurchased  Authorization Date  2021  2020  2019  2021  2020  2019  May 2021  8,235  -  -  $  1,050  $  -  $  -  November 2019  4,746  2,419  -  530  250  -  August 2018  -  -  7,788  -  -  810  Total  12,981  2,419  7,788  $  1,580  $  250  $  810  (a)  (a)  (b)  (a)  (a)  (b)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)    2021 amount excludes and 2020 amount includes the effect of $ 11 million in share repurchases (0.1 million shares) with trade dates on, or prior to, December 31, 2020, but settlement dates subsequent to December 31, 2020.

( b )    2019 amount excludes the effect of $ 5 million in share repurchases (0.1 million shares) with trade dates on, or prior to, December 31, 2018, but settlement dates subsequent to December 31, 2018.

In May 2021, our Board of Directors authorized share repurchases from July 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022, of up to $ 2 billion (excluding applicable transaction fees) of our outstanding Common Stock. As of December 31, 2021, we have remaining capacity to repurchase up to $950 million of Common Stock under this authorization. Unutilized share repurchase capacity of $1.2 billion under a November 2019 authorization expired on June 30, 2021.

Changes in AOCI are presented below.

| Translation Adjustments  and Gains (Losses) From  Intra-Entity Transactions of  a Long-Term Nature  Pension and Post-  Retirement Benefits  Derivative Instruments  Total  Balance at December 31, 2019, net of tax  $  (221)  $  (104)  $  (63)  $  (388)  OCI, net of tax  Gains (losses) arising during the year  classified into AOCI, net of tax  39  (6)  (75)  (42)  (Gains) losses reclassified from AOCI,  net of tax  -  14  5  19  39  8  (70)  (23)  Balance at December 31, 2020, net of tax  $  (182)  $  (96)  $  (133)  $  (411)  OCI, net of tax  Gains (losses) arising during the year  classified into AOCI, net of tax  (24)  50  25  51  (Gains) losses reclassified from AOCI, net of  tax  -  12  23  35  (24)  62  48  86  Balance at December 31, 2021, net of tax  $  (206)  $  (34)  $  (85)  $  (325)  (a)  (b)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)    Amounts reclassified from AOCI for pension and post-retirement benefit plans losses during 2021 include amortization of net losses of $ 12 million, amortization of prior service cost of $5 million and related income tax benefit of $ 4 million. Amounts reclassified from AOCI for pension and postretirement benefit plans losses during 2020 include amortization of net losses of $14 million, amortization of prior service cost of $ 4 million and related income tax benefit of $4 million. See Note 15.

(b)    See Note 13 for details on amounts reclassified from AOCI.

## Note 18 - Income Taxes

U.S. and foreign income before taxes are set forth below:

| 2021  2020  2019  U.S.  $  1,062  $  684  $  466  Foreign  612  336  907  $  1,674  $  1,020  $  1,373   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The details of our income tax provision (benefit) are set forth below:

| 2021  2020  2019  Current:  Federal  $  45  $  37  $  129  Foreign  214  121  166  State  40  23  16  $  299  $  181  $  311  Deferred:  Federal  $  21  $  (21)  $  (16)  Foreign  (227)  (29)  (213)  State  6  (15)  (3)  $  (200)  $  (65)  $  (232)  $  99  $  116  $  79   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The reconciliation of income taxes calculated at the U.S. federal statutory rate to our effective tax rate is set forth below:

| 2021  2020  2019  U.S. federal statutory rate  21.0 %  21.0 %  21.0 %  State income tax, net of federal tax  1.8  1.0  0.9  Statutory rate differential attributable to foreign operations  (1.0)  (0.9)  0.9  Adjustments to reserves and prior years  1.1  (1.7)  2.3  Excess tax benefits from stock-based awards  (2.7)  (3.4)  (3.6)  Change in valuation allowances  (0.8)  (2.5)  (0.6)  Intercompany restructuring  (11.3)  (0.3)  (16.6)  Nondeductible interest  1.4  -  -  Impact of tax law changes  (3.8)  (2.5)  -  Other, net  0.2  0.7  1.4  Effective income tax rate  5.9 %  11.4 %  5.7 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Statutory rate differential attributable to foreign operations. This item includes local country taxes, withholding taxes, and shareholder-level taxes, net of U.S. foreign tax credits. In 2021, this item was favorably impacted by the ongoing effects of the KFC Europe Reorganization (as described below) . This was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of recording deferred tax liabilities associated with unremitted foreign earnings. In 2021 and 2020, this item was favorably impacted by the ongoing effects of the 2019 Intercompany Restructuring (as described below).

Adjustments to reserves and prior years. This item includes: (1) changes in tax reserves, including interest thereon, established for potential exposure we may incur if a taxing authority takes a position on a matter contrary to our position; and (2) the effects of reconciling income tax amounts recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Income to amounts reflected on our tax returns, including any adjustments to the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In 2021, this item was unfavorably impacted by a $22 million reserve established due to a challenge of a prior year filing position in a foreign jurisdiction. In 2020, this item was favorably impacted by $11 million of adjustments made to current and deferred tax accounts in various jurisdictions to align with balances supported  by  2019  and  prior  tax  filings . Additionally,  in  2020  this  item  was  favorably  impacted  by  a  $ 6  million  tax  benefit  associated  with  a  state settlement. In 2019, this item was unfavorably impacted by $34 million in reserves related to taxes recorded associated with a prior year divestiture and $18  million  of  tax  expense  related  to  the  establishment  of  reserves  associated  with  the  inclusion  of  stock  based  compensation  in  cost  sharing arrangements as well as other matters. This unfavorable impact was partially offset by the reversal of a $20 million reserve established in 2018 due to the favorable resolution of an income tax rate dispute in a foreign jurisdiction.

Excess tax benefits from stock-based awards. 2021, 2020 and 2019 includes $ 46 million, $35 million and $49 million, respectively, of excess federal tax benefit related to share-based compensation.

Change in valuation allowances. This item relates to changes for deferred tax assets generated or utilized during the current year and changes in our judgment regarding the likelihood of using deferred tax assets that existed at the beginning of the year. In 2021, this item was favorably impacted by $15 million  of  tax  benefit  associated  with  a  valuation  allowance  release  resulting  from  a  change  in  management's  judgment  as  to  the  realizability  of foreign tax credit carryforwards in the U.S. In 2020, this item was favorably impacted by $22 million of tax benefit associated with a valuation allowance release in a foreign jurisdiction resulting from a change in management's judgement as to realizability of indefinite lived tax loss carryforwards in that jurisdiction.

## Intercompany Restructuring.

KFC Europe Reorganization - In July 2021, we concentrated management responsibility for European (excluding the UK) KFC franchise development, support operations and management oversight in Switzerland. Concurrent with this change in management responsibility, we have completed intra-entity transfers of certain KFC IP rights from subsidiaries in the UK to subsidiaries in Switzerland. With the transfers of these rights, we received a step-up in amortizable tax basis to current fair value under applicable Swiss tax law. As a result of this transfer, we recorded a one-time net deferred tax benefit of $152 million.

In  December  2021,  we  continued  our  KFC  Europe  Reorganization  and  completed  intra-entity  transfers  of  additional  European  KFC  IP  rights  from subsidiaries in the U.S. to subsidiaries in Switzerland. With the transfers of these additional rights, we received a step-up in amortizable tax basis to current fair value under applicable Swiss tax law. As a result of this transfer, we recorded a net one-time tax benefit of $35 million.

2019 Intercompany Restructuring - In December 2019, the Company completed an intercompany restructuring that resulted in the transfer of certain IP rights held by wholly owned foreign subsidiaries primarily to the U.S. and the UK. The IP rights transferred to the UK resulted in a step up in the tax basis for UK tax purposes resulting in a deferred tax asset of $586 million. The deferred tax asset was analyzed for realizability and a valuation allowance of $366 million was established representing the portion of the deferred tax asset not likely to be realized. The recognized tax benefit of $ 220 million is amortizable for UK tax purposes over a twenty-year period. The transfer of certain IP rights to other non-UK jurisdictions in 2019 resulted in the recording of deferred tax assets of $13 million and related valuation allowances of $ 7 million for deferred tax assets that are not likely to be realized, for a net tax benefit of $6 million.

Nondeductible Interest. As a result of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 ('Tax Act') on December 22, 2017, deductibility of U.S. interest expense was limited to 30% of U.S. Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization in 2021. In 2021, the Company recorded $ 23 million of tax expense associated with disallowed U.S. interest expense. Although the disallowed interest can be carried forward, in management's judgment it is not expected to be realizable in the future. Due to legislative relief provisions applicable to the 2019 and 2020 tax years contained within the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act), the Company was not impacted by the interest expense limitation in 2019 or 2020. Beginning in 2022, deductibility of U.S. interest expense will be limited to 30% of U.S. Earnings Before Interest and Taxes, which will unfavorably impact our effective tax rate.

## Impact of Tax Law Changes.

UK Tax Rate Change - On June 10, 2021, the UK Finance Act 2021 was enacted resulting in an increase in the UK corporate tax rate from 19% to 25%. As such, the Company recognized a $64 million tax benefit in the quarter ended June 30, 2021 associated with remeasuring its deferred tax assets in the UK from 19% to 25%. These deferred tax assets were primarily related to the step-up in tax basis associated with the 2019 Intercompany Restructuring .

On July 22, 2020, the UK Finance Act 2020 was enacted resulting in an increase in the UK corporate tax rate from  17% to 19%. As such, the Company recognized a $25 million tax benefit in 2020 associated with remeasuring its deferred tax assets in the UK from  17% to 19%. These deferred tax assets were primarily related to the step-up in tax basis associated with the 2019 Intercompany Restructuring .

Other. This  item  primarily  includes  the  net  impact  of  permanent  differences  related  to  current  year  earnings,  U.S.  tax  credits,  and  other  individually insignificant items impacting income tax expense.

Companies subject to the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income provision (GILTI) have the option to account for the GILTI tax as a period cost if and when incurred, or to recognize deferred taxes for outside basis temporary differences expected to reverse as GILTI. The Company has elected to account for GILTI as a period cost.

The details of 2021 and 2020 deferred tax assets (liabilities) are set forth below:

| 2021  2020  Operating losses and interest deduction carryforwards  $  186  $  181  Capital losses  72  3  Tax credit carryforwards  194  226  Employee benefits  68  82  Share-based compensation  51  58  Lease-related liabilities  236  199  Accrued liabilities and other  52  47  Derivative instruments  -  50  Intangible assets  560  678  Property, plant and equipment  35  31  Deferred income  87  81  Gross deferred tax assets  1,541  1,636  Deferred tax asset valuation allowances  (462)  (789)  Net deferred tax assets  $  1,079  $  847  Intangible assets, including goodwill  $  (3)  $  (1)  Property, plant and equipment  (85)  (75)  Operating lease right-of-use assets  (200)  (161)  Employee benefits  (24)  (15)  Other  (51)  (42)  Gross deferred tax liabilities  $  (363)  $  (294)  Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)  $  716  $  553   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The details of the 2021 valuation allowance activity are set forth below:

Beginning of Year

Increases

Decreases

Other Adjustments

End of Year

Reported in Consolidated Balance Sheets as:

Deferred income taxes

Other liabilities and deferred credits

$

$

$

$

2021

(789)

(31)

355

3

(462)

2021

724

(8)

716

$

$

$

$

2020

(787)

(64)

45

17

(789)

2020

553

-

553

As of December 31, 2021, we had approximately $ 3.6 billion of unremitted foreign retained earnings. The Tax Act imposed U.S. federal tax on all post1986 foreign Earnings and Profits accumulated through December 31, 2017. Repatriation of earnings generated after December 31, 2017, will generally be eligible for the 100% dividends received deduction or considered a distribution of previously taxed income and, therefore, exempt from U.S. federal tax. Undistributed foreign earnings may still be subject to certain state and foreign income and withholding taxes upon repatriation. Subject to limited exceptions, we do not intend to indefinitely reinvest our unremitted earnings outside the U.S. Thus, we have provided taxes, including any U.S. federal and  state  income,  foreign  income,  or  foreign  withholding  taxes  on  the  majority  of  our  unremitted  earnings.  In  jurisdictions  where  we  do  intend  to indefinitely reinvest our unremitted earnings, we would be required to accrue and pay applicable income taxes (if any) and foreign withholding taxes if the funds were repatriated in taxable transactions. We believe any such taxes would be immaterial.

Details of tax loss, credit carryforwards, and expiration dates along with valuation allowances as of December 31, 2021, are as follows:

| Gross Amount  Deferred Tax  Asset  Valuation  Allowance  Expiration  Federal net operating losses  $  18  $  4  $  -  2036-2037  Federal net operating losses - Indefinite  61  13  -  None  Foreign net operating losses  59  12  (11)  2022-2037  Foreign net operating losses - Indefinite  229  59  (35)  None  State net operating losses  1,408  59  (43)  2022-2040  Foreign capital loss carryforward - Indefinite  289  72  (72)  None  Foreign tax credits  187  187  (172)  2026-2030  State tax credits  7  7  (5)  2023  Federal interest deduction carryforward - Indefinite  81  17  (8)  None  State interest deduction carryforward - Indefinite  487  22  (21)  None  $  2,826  $  452  $  (367)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We recognize the benefit of positions taken or expected to be taken in tax returns in the Consolidated Financial Statements when it is more likely than not that the position would be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. A recognized tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon settlement.

At December 31, 2021, the Company had $ 116 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, $75 million of which would impact the effective income tax rate if recognized. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending unrecognized tax benefits follows:

| 2021  2020  Beginning of Year  $  175  $  188  Additions on tax positions - current year  13  5  Additions for tax positions - prior years  41  34  Reductions for tax positions - prior years  (110)  (22)  Reductions for settlements  (3)  (30)  Reductions due to statute expiration  -  -  Foreign currency translation adjustment  -  -  End of Year  $  116  $  175   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company believes it is reasonably possible that its unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2021, may decrease by approximately $ 3 million in the next 12 months due to settlements or statute of limitations expirations.

During 2021, 2020, and 2019 the Company recognized $ 4 million, $2 million and $13 million of net expense, respectively, for interest and penalties in our Consolidated Statements of Income as components of its Income tax provision.

At December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company has recorded $ 3 million and $1 million of net tax receivables, respectively, associated with interest and penalties.

The Company's income tax returns are subject to examination in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and numerous U.S. state and foreign jurisdictions.

The Company has settled audits with the IRS through fiscal year 2012 and is currently under IRS examination for 2013-2018. Our operations in certain foreign  jurisdictions  remain  subject  to  examination  for  tax  years  as  far  back  as  2006,  some  of  which  years  are  currently  under  audit  by  local  tax authorities. See Note 20 for discussion of an Internal Revenue Service Proposed Adjustment.

## Note 19 - Reportable Operating Segments

See Note 1 for a description of our operating segments.

| Revenues  2021  2020  2019  KFC Division  $  2,793  $  2,272  $  2,491  Taco Bell Division  2,238  2,031  2,079  Pizza Hut Division  1,028  1,002  1,027  Habit Burger Grill Division  525  347  -  $  6,584  $  5,652  $  5,597  Operating Profit  2021  2020  2019  KFC Division  $  1,230  $  922  $  1,052  Taco Bell Division  758  696  683  Pizza Hut Division  387  335  369  Habit Burger Grill Division  2  (22)  -  Corporate and unallocated G&amp;A expenses  (260)  (312)  (188)  Unallocated Franchise and property expenses  1  (4)  (14)  Unallocated Refranchising gain (loss)  35  34  37  Unallocated Other income (expense)  (14)  (146)  (9)  Operating Profit  2,139  1,503  1,930  Investment income (expense), net  86  74  (67)  Other pension income (expense)  (7)  (14)  (4)  Interest expense, net  (544)  (543)  (486)  Income before income taxes  $  1,674  $  1,020  $  1,373  Depreciation and Amortization  2021  2020  2019  KFC Division  $  28  $  29  $  30  Taco Bell Division  53  56  59  Pizza Hut Division  32  24  15  Habit Burger Grill Division  28  25  -  Corporate  23  12  8  $  164  $  146  $  112  Capital Spending  2021  2020  2019  KFC Division  $  60  $  59  $  81  Taco Bell Division  62  42  76  Pizza Hut Division  18  28  33  Habit Burger Grill Division  56  16  -  Corporate  34  15  6  $  230  $  160  $  196  (a)  (a)  (a)  (a)  (b)(c)  (b)(d)  (b)  (b)(e)  (b)  (b)  (b)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Identifiable Assets  2021  2020  KFC Division  $  2,313  $  2,011  Taco Bell Division  1,397  1,387  Pizza Hut Division  850  804  Habit Burger Grill Division  586  537  Corporate  820  1,113  $  5,966  $  5,852  Long-Lived Assets  2021  2020  KFC Division  $  1,069  $  1,160  Taco Bell Division  904  925  Pizza Hut Division  423  415  Habit Burger Grill Division  516  458  Corporate  120  68  $  3,032  $  3,026  (g)  (f)  (h)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) U.S.  revenues  included  in  the  combined  KFC,  Taco  Bell,  Pizza  Hut  and  Habit  Burger  Grill  Divisions  totaled  $ 3.6  billion  in  2021, $3.2 billion in 2020 and $ 3.0 billion in 2019.

(b)    Amounts have not been allocated to any segment for performance reporting purposes.

- (c)    Amounts in 2020 include charitable contributions to Yum! Brands Foundation, Inc. of $ 50 million and $25 million related to our Unlocking Opportunity Initiative and COVID-19 employee relief, respectively. Additionally, 2020 includes $ 36 million for charges associated with resource optimization (see Note 5).
- ( d )    Represents  costs  related  to  an  agreement  executed  in  May  2017  with  our  Pizza  Hut  U.S.  franchisees  to  improve  brand  marketing  alignment, accelerate enhancements in operations and technology and that included a permanent commitment to incremental advertising as well as digital and technology contributions by franchisees (the 'Pizza Hut U.S. Transformation Agreement').
- (e)    Unallocated Other income (expense) in 2020 includes a charge of $ 144 million related to the impairment of Habit Burger Grill goodwill (see Note 3).

(f)    Primarily includes cash and deferred tax assets.

- (g)    U.S. identifiable assets included in the combined Corporate and KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut, and Habit Burger Grill Divisions totaled $ 2.8 billion and $3.0 billion in 2021 and 2020, respectively.

(h)    Includes PP&amp;E, net, goodwill, intangible assets, net and Operating lease right-of-use assets.

## Note 20 - Contingencies

## Internal Revenue Service Proposed Adjustment

As  a  result  of  an  audit  by  the  Internal  Revenue  Service  ('IRS')  for  fiscal  years  2013  through  2015,  on  October  13,  2021,  we  received  a  Notice  of Proposed Adjustment ('NPA') from the IRS for the 2014 fiscal year relating to a series of reorganizations we undertook during that year in connection with  the  business  realignment  of  our  corporate  and  management  reporting  structure  along  brand  lines.  The  IRS  asserts  that  these  reorganizations involved taxable distributions of approximately $6.0 billion. We expect to receive the final Revenue Agent's Report ('RAR') including the IRS's calculation of the tax assessment in early 2022. The amount of additional tax that may be asserted by the IRS in the RAR cannot be quantified at this time; however, based on the NPA, the amount of additional tax to be proposed is expected to be material. We disagree with the IRS's position as asserted in the NPA and intend to contest it vigorously by filing a protest disputing on multiple grounds any proposed taxes and proceeding to the IRS Office of Appeals.

The final resolution of this matter is uncertain, but the Company believes that it is more likely than not the Company's tax position will be sustained; therefore  no  reserve  is  recorded  with  respect  to  this  matter.  An  unfavorable  resolution  of  this  matter  could  have  a  material,  adverse  impact  on  our Consolidated Financial Statements in future periods.

## Lease Guarantees

As  a  result  of  having  assigned  our  interest  in  obligations  under  real  estate  leases  as  a  condition  to  the  refranchising  of  certain  Company-owned restaurants, and guaranteeing certain other leases, we are frequently secondarily liable on lease agreements. These leases have varying terms, the latest of which expires in 2065. As of December 31, 2021, the potential amount of undiscounted payments we could be required to make in the event of non-payment by the primary lessee was approximately $425 million. The present value of these potential payments discounted at our pre-tax cost of debt at December 31, 2021, was approximately $350 million. Our franchisees are the primary lessees under the vast majority of these leases.  We generally have cross-default provisions with these franchisees that would put them in default of their franchise agreement in the event of non-payment under the lease. We believe these cross-default provisions significantly reduce the risk that we will be required to make payments under these leases, although such risk may not be reduced in the context of a bankruptcy or other similar restructuring of a large franchisee or group of franchisees. Accordingly, the liability recorded for our expected exposure under such leases at both December 31, 2021 and 2020 was not material.

## Insurance Programs

We are self-insured for a substantial portion of our current and prior years' coverage including property and casualty losses.  To mitigate the cost of our exposures for certain property and casualty losses, we self-insure the risks of loss up to defined maximum per occurrence retentions on a line-by-line basis.  The Company then purchases insurance coverage, up to a certain limit, for losses that exceed the self-insurance per occurrence retention.  The insurers' maximum aggregate loss limits are significantly above our actuarially determined probable losses; therefore, we believe the likelihood of losses exceeding the insurers' maximum aggregate loss limits is remote.

The following table summarizes the 2021 and 2020 activity related to our net self-insured property and casualty reserves as of December 31, 2021.

| Beginning  Balance  Habit Acquisition  Expense  Payments  Ending  Balance  2021 Activity  $  50  -  23  (25)  $  48  2020 Activity  $  54  6  13  (23)  $  50  (a)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)    Represents self-insurance liabilities assumed as part of our acquisition of Habit Burger Grill. See Note 3.

Due to the inherent volatility of actuarially determined property and casualty loss estimates, it is reasonably possible that we could experience changes in estimated losses which could be material to our growth in quarterly and annual Net Income.  We believe that we have recorded reserves for property and casualty losses at a level which has substantially mitigated the potential negative impact of adverse developments and/or volatility.

In  the  U.S.  and  in  certain  other  countries,  we  are  also  self-insured  for  healthcare  claims  and  long-term  disability  for  eligible  participating  employees subject to certain deductibles and limitations.  We have accounted for our retained liabilities for property and casualty losses, healthcare and long-term disability claims, including reported and incurred but not reported claims, based on information provided by independent actuaries.

## Legal Proceedings

We are subject to various claims and contingencies related to lawsuits, real estate, environmental and other matters arising in the normal course of business. An accrual is recorded with respect to claims or contingencies for which a loss is determined to be probable and reasonably estimable.

Yum! Restaurants India Private Limited ('YRIPL'), a Yum subsidiary that operates KFC and Pizza Hut restaurants in India, is the subject of a regulatory enforcement action in India (the 'Action'). The Action alleges, among other things, that KFC International Holdings, Inc. and Pizza Hut International failed to satisfy certain conditions imposed by the Secretariat for Industrial Approval in 1993 and 1994 when those companies were granted permission for foreign investment and operation in India. The conditions at issue include an alleged minimum investment commitment and store build requirements as well as limitations on the remittance of fees outside of India.

The Action originated with a complaint and show cause notice filed in 2009 against YRIPL by the Deputy Director of the Directorate of Enforcement ('DOE') of the Indian Ministry of Finance following an income tax audit for the years 2002 and 2003. The matter was argued at various hearings in 2015, but no order was issued. Following a change in the incumbent official holding the position of Special Director of DOE (the 'Special Director'), the matter resumed in 2018 and several additional hearings were conducted.

On January 29, 2020, the Special Director issued an order imposing a penalty on YRIPL and certain former directors of approximately Indian Rupee 11 billion,  or  approximately  $150  million. Of this amount, $145 million relates to the alleged failure to invest a total of $80 million in India within an initial seven-year period. We have been advised by external counsel that the order is flawed and have filed a writ petition with the Delhi High Court, which granted an interim stay of the penalty order on March 5, 2020. The stay order remains in effect and the next hearing is now scheduled for March 4, 2022. We deny liability and intend to continue vigorously defending this matter. We do not consider the risk of any significant loss arising from this order to be probable.

We are currently engaged in various other legal proceedings and have certain unresolved claims pending, the ultimate liability for which, if any, cannot be determined at this time. However, based upon consultation with legal counsel, we are of the opinion that such proceedings and claims are not expected to have a material adverse effect, individually or in the aggregate, on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Note 21 -Subsequent Event

In January 2022, the U.S. Treasury published new regulations impacting foreign tax credit utilization beginning in the Company's 2022 tax year. These regulations make foreign taxes paid to certain countries no longer creditable in the U.S. As discussed in Note 18, we currently have foreign tax credit carryforwards of $187 million, on which there is a $172 million valuation allowance. We anticipate that these regulations will result in the utilization of some amount of our existing prior year foreign tax  credit  carryforwards  and  that  a  corresponding  amount  of  the  existing  valuation  allowance  will  be released in the first quarter of 2022. While our determination of which foreign taxes that will no longer be creditable is not yet complete, we anticipate that the amount of valuation allowance to be released could be significant. Further, we anticipate that these regulations will result in additional cash tax due in the U.S. in future years once all existing foreign tax credit carryforwards have either been utilized or have expired. Subject to finalizing our review, we estimate we could be subject to incremental cash taxes as early as 2028.

## Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure .

None.

## Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.

## Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The Company has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the end of the period covered by this report.  Based on the evaluation, performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer (the 'CEO') and the Chief Financial Officer (the 'CFO'), the Company's management, including the CEO and CFO, concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.

## Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer  and  principal  financial  officer,  we  conducted  an  evaluation  of  the  effectiveness  of  our  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  based  on  the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on  our  evaluation  under  the  framework  in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) ,  our  management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2021.

KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and has issued their report, included herein.

## Changes in Internal Control

There  were  no  changes  with  respect  to  the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  or  in  other  factors  that  materially  affected,  or  are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2021.

## Item 9B. Other Information.

None.

## Item 9C.

Not applicable.

## Item 10.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

PART III

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Information  regarding  Section  16(a)  compliance,  the  Audit  Committee  and  the  Audit  Committee  financial  expert,  the  Company's  code  of  ethics  and background of the directors appearing under the captions 'Stock Ownership Information,' 'Governance of the Company,' 'Executive Compensation' and 'Item 1:  Election of Directors' is incorporated by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2021.

Information regarding executive officers of the Company is included in Part I.

## Item 11.

Executive Compensation.

Information regarding executive and director compensation and the Management Planning and Development Committee appearing under the captions 'Governance of the Company' and 'Executive Compensation' is incorporated by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2021.

## Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

Information regarding equity compensation plans and security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management appearing under the captions 'Executive Compensation' and 'Stock Ownership Information' is incorporated by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2021.

## Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

Information  regarding  certain  relationships  and  related  transactions  and  information  regarding  director  independence  appearing  under  the  caption 'Governance of the Company' is incorporated by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2021.

## Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

Our independent registered public accounting firm is  KPMG, LLP, Louisville, Kentucky, Auditor Firm ID:  185.

Information regarding principal accountant fees and services and audit committee pre-approval policies and procedures appearing under the caption 'Item 2:  Ratification of Independent Auditors' is incorporated by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2021.

## Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

- (a) (1) Financial Statements:  Consolidated Financial Statements filed as part of this report are listed under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
- (2) Financial  Statement  Schedules:    No  schedules  are  required  because  either  the  required  information  is  not  present  or  not present  in  amounts  sufficient  to  require  submission  of  the  schedule,  or  because  the  information  required  is  included  in  the Consolidated Financial Statements thereto filed as a part of this Form 10-K.
- (3) Exhibits:    The  exhibits  listed  in  the  accompanying  Exhibit  Index  are  filed  as  part  of  this  Form  10-K.  The  Index  to  Exhibits specifically identifies each management contract or compensatory plan required to be filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K.

## PART IV

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Form 10-K annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date:

February 22, 2022

YUM! BRANDS, INC.

By: /s/ David W. Gibbs

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this annual report has been signed on February 22, 2022, by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.

| Signature  Title  /s/ David W. Gibbs  Chief Executive Officer  David W. Gibbs  (principal executive officer)  /s/ Chris Turner  Chief Financial Officer  Chris Turner  (principal financial officer)  /s/ David E. Russell  Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller  David E. Russell  (principal accounting officer)  /s/ Paget L. Alves  Director  Paget L. Alves  /s/ Keith Barr  Director  Keith Barr  /s/ Christopher M. Connor  Director  Christopher M. Connor  /s/ Brian C. Cornell  Director  Brian C. Cornell  /s/ Tanya L. Domier  Director  Tanya L. Domier  /s/ Mirian M. Graddick-Weir  Director  Mirian M. Graddick-Weir  /s/ Lauren R. Hobart  Director  Lauren R. Hobart  /s/ Thomas C. Nelson  Director  Thomas C. Nelson  /s/ P. Justin Skala  Director  P. Justin Skala  /s/ Elane B. Stock  Director  Elane B. Stock  /s/ Annie Young-Scrivner  Director  Annie Young-Scrivner   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Yum! Brands, Inc. Exhibit Index (Item 15)

| Exhibit  Number  Description of Exhibits  2.1  Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2016, by and among YUM, Yum Restaurants Consulting (Shanghai)  Company Limited and Yum China Holdings, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to YUM's Report on  Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2016.  3.1  Restated Articles of Incorporation of YUM, effective May 26, 2011, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to  YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2011.  3.2  Amended and restated Bylaws of YUM, effective November 12, 2021, which are incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to  YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2021.  4.1  Indenture, dated as of May 1, 1998, between YUM and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., successor in interest to  The First National Bank of Chicago, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed on  May 13, 1998.  (i)  6.875%  Senior  Notes  due  November  15,  2037,  issued  under  the  forgoing  May  1,  1998,  indenture,  which  notes  are  incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 (included in Exhibit 4.1) to YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed on October 22, 2007.  (ii)  3.875%  Senior  Notes  due  November  1,  2023,  issued  under  the  forgoing  May  1,  1998,  indenture,  which  notes  are  incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 (included in Exhibit 4.1) to YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed October 31, 2013.  (iii)  5.350%  Senior  Notes  due  November  1,  2043,  issued  under  the  forgoing  May  1,  1998,  indenture,  which  notes  are  incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 (included in Exhibit 4.1) to YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed October 31, 2013.  4.2  Indenture,  dated  as  of  September  25,  2020  by  and  between  YUM  and  U.S.  Bank  National  Association,  as  Trustee,  which  is  incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2020.  4.2.1  First  Supplemental  Indenture,  dated  as  of  September  25,  2020  by  and  between  YUM  and  U.S.  Bank  National  Association,  as  Trustee, relating to the 3.625% Notes due 2031, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to YUM's Report on Form  8-K filed on September 25, 2020.  4.2.2  Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2021, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as  Trustee, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1. to YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed April 1, 2021.  4.3  Description of Securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Common Stock), which is incorporated  herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to YUM's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019.  10.1  Credit Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2016, by and among Pizza Hut Holdings, LLC, KFC Holding Co., and Taco Bell of America,  LLC,  as  the  borrowers,  the  lenders  party  thereto,  JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  N.A.,  as  Administrative  Agent  and  Collateral  Agent,  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Merrill Lynch,  Pierce, Fenner &amp; Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Fifth Third Bank and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ,  Ltd., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, Barclays Bank PLC, The Bank of Nova Scotia, Cooperatieve Rabobank U.A.,  New York Branch, and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, New York Branch, as Co-Documentation Agents and Co-  Managers, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to YUM's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended  June 11, 2016.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Description of Exhibits  10.1.1  Refinancing Amendment, dated as of March 21, 2017, to Credit Agreement dated as of June 16, 2016, among Pizza Hut Holdings,  LLC, KFC Holding Co. and Taco Bell of America, LLC, as borrowers, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  N.A.,  as  Collateral  Agent,  Swing  Line  Lender,  an  L/C  Issuer  and  Administrative  Agent  for  the  Lenders,  which  is  incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K as filed on March 23, 2017.  10.1.2  Refinancing Amendment No. 2, dated as of June 7, 2017, to Credit Agreement dated as of June 16, 2016, as amended, among  Pizza Hut Holdings, LLC, KFC Holding Co. and Taco Bell of America, LLC, as borrowers, the Lenders from time to time party thereto  and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent, Swing Line Lender, an L/C Issuer and Administrative Agent for the Lenders,  which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K as filed on June 8, 2017.  10.1.3  Refinancing  Amendment  No.  3,  dated  as  of  April  3,  2018,  to  Credit  Agreement  dated  as  of  June  16,  2016,  among  Pizza  Hut  Holdings, LLC, KFC Holding Co. and Taco Bell of America, LLC, as borrowers, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent, Swing Line Lender, an L/C Issuer and Administrative Agent for the Lenders,  which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K as filed on April 9, 2018.  10.1.4  Refinancing Amendment No. 4, dated as of March 15, 2021, to Credit Agreement dated as of June 16, 2016 among Pizza Hut  Holdings, LLC, KFC Holding Co. and Taco Bell of America, LLC, as borrowers, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent, Swing Line Lender, an L/C Issuer and Administrative Agent for the Lenders.,  which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2021.  10.2†  YUM Director Deferred Compensation Plan, as effective October 7, 1997, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit  10.7 to YUM's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 1997.  10.2.1†  YUM Director Deferred Compensation Plan, Plan Document for the 409A Program, as effective January 1, 2005, and as Amended  through November 14, 2008, which is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.7.1 to YUM's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter ended June 13, 2009.  10.3†  YUM Executive Incentive Compensation Plan, as effective May 20, 2004, and as Amended through the Second Amendment, as  effective May 21, 2009, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit A of YUM's Definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF  14A for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on May 21, 2009.  10.4†  YUM  Executive  Income  Deferral  Program,  as  effective  October  7,  1997,  and  as  amended  through  May  16,  2002,  which  is  incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.10 to YUM's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,  2005.  10.4.1†  YUM! Brands Executive Income Deferral Program, Plan Document for the 409A Program, as effective January 1, 2005, and as  Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2021, as attached herein.  10.5†  YUM! Brands Pension Equalization Plan, Plan Document for the Pre-409A Program, as effective January 1, 2005, and as Amended  through December 31, 2010, which is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.7 to YUM's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter ended March 19, 2011.  10.5.1†  The Yum! Brands, Inc. Pension Equalization Plan, Restated Plan Document for the 409A Program effective January 1, 2005, and as  Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2021, as attached herein.  10.6†  Form of Directors' Indemnification Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.17 to YUM's Annual Report  on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 1997.  10.7†  Form of Yum! Brands, Inc. Change in Control Severance Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to  YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed on March 21, 2013.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Description of Exhibits  10.8†  YUM! Long Term Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated effective as of May 20, 2016, as incorporated by reference from Form  DEF 14A filed on April 8, 2016.  10.9†  YUM SharePower Plan, as effective October 7, 1997, and as amended through June 23, 2003, which is incorporated herein by  reference from Exhibit 10.23 to YUM's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005.  10.10†  Form  of  YUM  Director  Stock  Option  Award  Agreement,  which  is  incorporated  herein  by  reference  from  Exhibit  10.25  to  YUM's  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 4, 2004.  10.11†  Form of YUM 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.26 to  YUM's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 4, 2004.  10.11.1†  Form of YUM 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement (2013) (Stock Options), which is incorporated herein by reference  from Exhibit 10.15.1 to YUM's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 23, 2013.  10.11.2†  Form of YUM 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement (2015) (Stock Options), which is incorporated herein by reference  from Exhibit 10.15.2 to YUM's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2014.  10.11.3†  Form of YUM Long Term Incentive Plan Global YUM! Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (2019), which is incorporated herein by  reference from Exhibit 10.11.3 to YUM's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2019.  10.12†  Yum! Brands, Inc. International Retirement Plan, as in effect January 1, 2005, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit  10.27 to YUM's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2004.  10.13†  Form of 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement (Stock Appreciation Rights) which is incorporated by reference from  Exhibit 99.1 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K as filed on January 30, 2006.  10.13.1†  Form  of  YUM  1999  Long  Term  Incentive  Plan  Award  Agreement  (2013)  (Stock  Appreciation  Rights),  which  is  incorporated  by  reference from Exhibit 10.18.1 to YUM's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 23, 2013.  10.13.2†  Form of YUM 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement (2015) (Stock Appreciation Rights), which is incorporated herein by  reference from Exhibit 10.18.2 to YUM's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2014.  10.13.3†  Yum!  Brands,  Inc.  Long  Term  Incentive  Plan  Form  of  Global  YUM!  Stock  Appreciation  Rights  Agreement  (2019),  which  is  incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.13.3 to YUM's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2019.  10.13.4†  Yum! Brands, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan Form of Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2019), which is incorporated herein  by reference from Exhibit 10.20 to YUM's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2019.  10.14†  YUM! Brands Leadership Retirement Plan, as in effect January 1, 2005, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.32  to YUM's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 24, 2007.  10.14.1†  YUM! Brands Leadership Retirement Plan, Plan Document for the 409A Program, as effective January 1, 2005, and as Amended  and Restated as of January 1, 2021, as attached herein.  10.15†  YUM! Performance Share Plan, as amended and restated January 1, 2013, which is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to  YUM's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 13, 2015.  10.16†  YUM! Brands Third Country National Retirement Plan, as effective January 1, 2009, which is incorporated by reference from Exhibit  10.25 to YUM's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 26, 2009.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Description of Exhibits  10.16.1†  YUM! Brands Third Country National Retirement Plan Amendment, as effective January 1, 2021, as attached herein.  10.17†  2010 YUM! Brands Supplemental Long Term Disability Coverage Summary, as effective January 1, 2010, which is incorporated by  reference from Exhibit 10.26 to YUM's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 26, 2009.  10.18†  Yum!  Brands,  Inc.  Compensation  Recovery  Policy,  Amended  and  Restated  January  1,  2015,  which  is  incorporated  herein  by  reference from Exhibit 10.28 to YUM's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2014.  10.20  Indenture, dated as of June 15, 2017, by and among KFC Holding Co., Pizza Hut Holdings, LLC and Taco Bell of America, LLC, as  issuers, the Guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, which is incorporated  herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2017.  10.21  Base Indenture, dated as of May 11, 2016, between Taco Bell Funding, LLC, as issuer and Citibank, N.A., as trustee and securities  intermediary, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2016.  10.21.1  Series 2016-1 Supplement to Base Indenture dated as of May 11, 2016, by and between Taco Bell Funding, LLC, as issuer and  Citibank, N.A. as Trustee and Series 2016-1 securities intermediary, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to  YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2016.  10.21.2  Series 2018-1 Supplement to Base Indenture, dated as of November 28, 2018, by and between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A. as  Trustee and Series 2018-1 securities intermediary, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to YUM's Report on  Form 8-K filed on December 3, 2018.  10.21.3  Series  2021-1  Supplement to Amended and Restated Base Indenture, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Taco Bell  Funding, LLC, as issuer, and Citibank, N.A. as trustee and Series 2021-1 securities intermediary, which is incorporated herein by  reference from Exhibit 10.2 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2021.  10.21.4  Amendment No. 1 to Base Indenture, dated as of August 23, 2016, by and between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A. as Trustee and  Series 2016-1 securities intermediary, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.22.3 to YUM's Annual Report on  Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.  10.21.5  Amendment No. 2 to Base Indenture, dated as of November 28, 2018, by and between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A. as Trustee and  the Series 2018-1 securities intermediary, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K  filed on December 3, 2018.  10.21.6  Amended and Restated Base Indenture, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Taco Bell Funding, LLC, as issuer, and  Citibank, N.A. as trustee and the Series 2021-1 securities intermediary, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1  to YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2021.  10.22  Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2016, by Taco Bell Franchise Holder 1, LLC, Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC,  Taco Bell IP Holder, LLC and Taco Bell Franchisor Holdings, LLC in favor of Citibank, N.A., which is incorporated herein by reference  from Exhibit 10.2 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2016.  10.23  Management Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2016, among Taco Bell Funding, LLC, as issuer, Taco Bell Franchise Holder 1, LLC,  Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC, Taco Bell IP Holder, LLC, Taco Bell Franchisor Holdings, LLC, Citibank, N.A. and Taco Bell Corp., as  manager, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2016.  10.23.1  Amendment No.1 to Management Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2016, among Taco Bell Funding, LLC, as issuer, Taco Bell  Franchise Holder 1, LLC, Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC, Taco Bell IP Holder, LLC, Taco Bell Franchisor Holdings, LLC and Taco Bell  Corp., as manager, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.25.1 to YUM's Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal  year ended December 31, 2018.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Description of Exhibits  10.23.2  Amendment No. 2 to Management Agreement, dated as of November 28, 2018, among Taco Bell Funding, LLC, as issuer, Taco Bell  Franchise Holder 1, LLC, Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC, Taco Bell IP Holder, LLC, Taco Bell Franchisor Holdings, LLC, Citibank, N.A.  and Taco Bell Corp., as manager, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.25.2 to YUM's Annual Report on Form  10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.  10.23.3  Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Taco Bell Funding, LLC, as issuer,  Taco Bell Franchise Holder 1, LLC, Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC, Taco Bell IP Holder, LLC, Taco Bell Franchisor Holdings, LLC and  Taco Bell Corp., as manager, and Citibank, N.A. as trustee, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to YUM's  Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2021.  10.24  Indenture,  dated  as  of  September  11,  2019,  by  and  between  Yum  and  The  Bank  of  New  York  Mellon  Trust  Company,  N.A.,  as  trustee, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed on September 16, 2019.  10.25  Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2020 by and between Yum and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A, as Trustee, which  is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K filed on April 6, 2020.  10.26  Master License Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2016, by and between Yum! Restaurants Asia Pte. Ltd. and Yum Restaurants  Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K  filed on November 3, 2016.  10.26.1  Confirmatory License Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2020, by and between YRI China Franchising, LLC and Yum Restaurants  Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.26.1 to YUM's Annual Report on  Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020.  10.27  Tax  Matters  Agreement,  dated  as  of  October  31,  2016,  by  and  among  YUM,  Yum  China  Holdings,  Inc.  and  Yum  Restaurants  Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to YUM's Report on Form 8-K  filed on November 3, 2016.  10.28†  Offer Letter dated June 19, 2019, between the Company and Christopher Turner, which is incorporated herein by reference from  Exhibit 10.28 to YUM's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019.  10.29†  Offer Letter dated July 16, 2019, between the Company and Mark King, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to  YUM's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019.  10.30  Yum!  Brands,  Inc.  Long  Term  Incentive  Plan  Form  of  Global  Performance  Share  Unit  Agreement  (2021),  which  is  incorporated  herein by reference from Exhibit 10.20 to YUM's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2021.  21.1  Active Subsidiaries of YUM.  23.1  Consent of KPMG LLP.  31.1  Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to  Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  31.2  Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to  Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  32.1  Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-  Oxley Act of 2002.  32.2  Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-  Oxley Act of 2002.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Description of Exhibits  101.INS  XBRL  Instance  Document  -  the  instance  document  does  not  appear  in  the  Interactive  Data  File  because  its  XBRL  tags  are  embedded within the Inline XBRL document  101.SCH  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  101.CAL  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  101.LAB  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  101.PRE  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  101.DEF  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  104  Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)  †  Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|