<!-- image -->

## Yunnan Energy International Co. Limited 雲能國際股份有限公司 *

(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability) (Hong Kong Stock Code: 1298) (Singapore Stock Code: T43)

## Annual Report 2022

* for identification purpose only

## Contents

| 2  Chairman's Statement  4  Corporate Information  5  Management Discussion and Analysis  12  Board of Directors  15  Senior Management  16  Corporate Governance Report  33  Report of the Directors  45  Independent Auditor's Report  50  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income  51  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  52  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  53  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  54  Notes to Financial Statements  100  Financial Summary   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

## DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

On  behalf  of  the  board  (the  'Board')  of  directors  (the 'Directors')  of  Yunnan  Energy  International  Co.  Limited (the  'Company'  or  'Yunnan  Energy'),  I  am  pleased to  present  the  Annual  Report  of  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries  (collectively,  the  'Group'  or  'we'  or  'our') for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## BUSINESS OVERVIEW

In 2022, the Group continued to carry out the Distribution Business  for  life  science  equipment  and  laboratory instrument,  while  accelerating  the  development  of  the Supply  Chain  Business.  In  2022,  due  to  the  continuous impact  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  the  Distribution Business  failed  to  meet  expectations.  Affected  by  the zero-Covid  policy  in  China,  it  became  more  difficult  to transfer  personnel  and  goods  across  regions,  which  had a  continuous  adverse  impact  on  business  promotion and  customer  maintenance.  At  the  same  time,  it  also increased  the  maintenance  cost  of  the  Distribution Business  and  delayed  demands  such  as  equipment renewal  for  existing  customers.  With  the  easing  of the  COVID-19  pandemic  and  the  adoption  of  an  opendoor  policy  in  China,  the  Group  actively  expanded  its Distribution  Business  and  achieved  a  significant  increase in  business  volume  in  the  first  quarter  of  2023.  At  the same  time,  the  Group  actively  expanded  the  trade business  channels  and  continued  to  develop  the  trade and  Supply  Chain  Business.  The  international  trade  and domestic  trade  business  achieved  substantial  growth  in 2022,  with  the  revenue  of  international  trade  increasing by 4.5 times and the revenue of domestic trade increasing by  3.3  times.  The  Company  has  maintained  a  good momentum  of  development  and  created  diversified income sources for the Group's revenue.

In  2022,  the  Group  recorded  a  revenue  of  HK$288.1 million,  representing  a  growth  of  242.6%  as  compared to  HK$84.1  million  in  2021,  mainly  due  to  the  rapid development  of  the  Supply  Chain  Business,  which compensated  the  decrease  in  revenue  from  the Distribution  Business  that  shrank  temporarily  as  a  result of  the  pandemic,  economic slowdown and adjustment of marketing strategy. The Group recorded a loss of HK$8.9 million  in  2022,  representing  a  narrowing  of  67.0%  as compared  to  the  loss  of  HK$27.0  million  in  2021.  Apart from the significant growth in revenue, it was mainly due to  the  growth  of  the  gross  profit  margin  from  3.7%  last year to 4.7%, and the absence of inventory provision and the  decrease  in  warehousing  and  logistics  service  fees recorded in the previous year.

## MACRO ENVIRONMENT AND DEVELOPMENT PROSPECTS

In  2022,  the  Russia-Ukraine  conflict  led  to  a  surge  in global  prices.  The  Federal  Reserve's  consecutive  interest rate  hike  triggered  a  sharp  fluctuation  in  the  global market.  Many  countries  around  the  world  are  facing economic  recession,  leading  to  a  series  of  uncertainties. The  ongoing  COVID-19  pandemic  continued  to  have  a severe  impact  on  China's  economic  development.  In the  past  year,  due  to  the  zero-Covid  policy  in  China, economic  activities  were  generally  suppressed.  The annual GDP growth rate in 2022 was 3%, lower than the expected 5.5%. In the face of multiple unexpected factors, China  effectively  coordinated  pandemic  prevention  and control as well as economic and social development, and maintained  overall  economic  and  social  stability.  At  the end of 2022, with the gradual relaxation of China's zeroCovid policy, the overall economic situation bottomed out and rebounded.

Looking  ahead  to  2023,  with  the  arrival  of  the  postpandemic  era,  the  economic  situation  will  further recover.  The  Group  will  continue  to  exercise  prudence in  carrying  out  both  the  Distribution  Business  and  the Supply Chain Business and promote rapid growth in sales revenue  through  a  diversified  business  mode  in  order to  enhance  profitability  continuously.  In  respect  of  the Distribution  Business,  the  Group  plans  to  leverage  the mature  resources,  extensive  marketing  network  and business relationships of the major shareholder to expand the  Distribution  Business  in  various  regions  in  the  PRC, especially  in  the  southwest  region  of  the  PRC.  In  respect of  the  Supply  Chain  Business,  the  Group  will  actively develop  the  Supply  Chain  Business  in  both  domestic and  international  markets.  The  Company  will  also  strive to  capture  potential  opportunities  in  the  Supply  Chain Business  by  leveraging  the  extensive  experience  and business  network  of  its  management  team.  In  addition, based on the unique professional background and regional project  experience  of  the  Board,  the  management and  the  team,  the  Group  plans  to  focus  on  the  field  of energy  infrastructure  construction  and  supply  chain  in Laos  and  Myanmar,  accumulate  brand  awareness  and service reputation in the regions, and seek other business development and investment opportunities in the regions to  diversify  the  Group's  business  layout  and  expand the  Group's  comprehensive  influence  in  South  Asia  and Southeast Asia.

## APPRECIATION

On  behalf  of  the  Board,  I  would  like  to  express  our appreciation  to  all  shareholders  and  customers  for  their continuing  support  and  trust.  And  I  would  also  like  to express  my  gratitude  to  our  management  and  staff  for their  contribution.  The  Group  will  continue  to  optimize our  development  strategies  and  strive  to  maximize shareholders' interests.

Sincerely,

<!-- image -->

## HU Xiangwei

Chairman Hong Kong, 24 March 2023

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Executive Directors HU Xiangwei (Chairman) WANG Xianjun (Chief Executive Officer) JIANG Wei ZHAO Na

SONG Henan

## Independent Non-executive Directors

SHI Fazhen LIU Zongliu JING Pilin

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

SHI Fazhen (Chairman) LIU Zongliu JING Pilin

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

HU Xiangwei (Chairman)

WANG Xianjun SHI Fazhen LIU Zongliu JING Pilin

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

SHI Fazhen (Chairman)

HU Xiangwei WANG Xianjun LIU Zongliu JING Pilin

## COMPANY SECRETARY

NG King Hang

## BERMUDA RESIDENT REPRESENTATIVE AND ASSISTANT SECRETARY

Ocorian Services (Bermuda) Limited Victoria Place, 5th Floor 31 Victoria Street Hamilton HM 10

Bermuda

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Victoria Place, 5th Floor 31 Victoria Street Hamilton HM 10 Bermuda Bermuda Company Registration Number 34778

## HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

Room 2008, 20/F China Resources Building 26 Harbour Road Wanchai Hong Kong

## SINGAPORE SHARE TRANSFER AGENT

M &amp; C Services Private Limited 112 Robinson Road #05-01 Singapore 068902

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Tricor Investor Services Limited 17/F, Far East Finance Centre 16 Harcourt Road Hong Kong

## AUDITOR

Ernst &amp; Young Certified Public Accountants Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor

## COMPANY WEBSITE

www.yeigi.com

## BUSINESS REVIEW

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  principal activities of Yunnan Energy International Co. Limited (the 'Company')  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively  referred to  as  the  'Group')  are:  (1)  the  provision  of  distribution and  after-sales  services  in  the  PRC  for  different analytical  instruments,  including  chromatographs, spectrophotometers,  electronic  microscopes,  life  science and  general  laboratory  instruments,  with  specialised and  customised  hardware  and  software,  to  provide solutions and facilitate scientific analysis and testing (the 'Distribution  Business');  and  (2)  the  trading  and  supply chain  business  on  diversified  industrial  and  consumer products (the 'Supply Chain Business').

## Distribution Business

The  Distribution  Business  is  mainly  conducted  through identifying  the  demands  of  the  Group's  existing  and potential  customers  (including  specification  of  products, price  that  the  customers  can  afford,  etc),  sourcing the  products  from  various  suppliers  and  supplying  the products to the customers. The Group also provides aftersales  services  such  as  testing,  training  and  maintenance services  for  the  products  sold.  There  is  no  change  in  the business  model  of  the  Distribution  Business  during  the year.

The customers of the Distribution Business mainly consist of  a  variety  of  businesses  and  institutions,  including hospital,  universities,  research  institutions,  companies  in the industrial sector and government agencies. More than 90%  of  the  customers  were  users  or  distributors  in  the PRC during the year.

The  Group  has  been  serving  our  extensive  customer base in the PRC and a vast sales network associated with the  Group's  PRC  offices  in  Beijing,  Shanghai,  southwest region  of  the  PRC  and  Macau  to  identify  and  discuss with  the  existing  and  potential  customers  on  product specifications,  provision  of  after-sale  services.  In  January 2022,  the  Group  has  incorporated  the  Yunnan  Branch  to support  the  growth  of  the  Distribution  Business.  As  the novel coronavirus disease ('COVID-19') outbreak in 2022, mandatory  restrictions  have  been  imposed  in  different regions of the PRC to combat the COVID-19, the progress of  staffs  recruitment  plan  has  not  matched  with  original schedules.  Meanwhile,  the  Group  continued  to  approach potential customers through tender activities.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

In  2022,  the  Group  adjusted  its  direction  in  a  timely manner  and  diverted  the  focus  of  its  Distribution Business  to  the  area  of  life  science  equipment.  At  the same time, it stepped up the tender work for the sales of laboratory  precision  instruments.  With  the  joint  efforts of  all  employees,  the  Distribution  Business  has  achieved a  substantial  breakthrough.  The  Group  won  the  bid  and carried  out  a  number  of  trading  of  laboratory  analytical instruments  or  trading  of  medical  devices  and  entered into  sale  and  purchase  contracts  with  independent third  parties,  including  a  sales  contract  for  automatic potentiometric  titrator,  a  sales  contract  for  downhole ultrasonic all-in-one machine, a project on high-resolution i n d u c t i v e l y   coupled  high-frequency  plasma  mass spectrometer,  a  project  on  inductively  coupled  plasma emission  spectrometer  and  signed  the  purchase  and sales  contract  and  sales  contracts  of  ultra-high-definition electronic  endoscopy  system,  spiral  CT,  radio  frequency therapeutic  instrument  system  and  immune  analysis sampling  system,  respectively.  In  2022,  the  Group  has entered into contracts related to the Distribution Business of  a  total  amount  of  HK$25.8  million,  and  achieved  a revenue  of  HK$7.9  million  and  a  gross  profit  of  HK$0.4 million during the year.

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  ('FY2022'),  the revenue  from  the  Distribution  Business  decreased  by HK$4.6  million  or  36.8%  to  HK$7.9  million  from  HK$12.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 ('FY2021') due to the reasons as explained below.

For  FY2022,  both  Mainland  China  and  Hong  Kong  were clouded  by  the  uncertainties  arising  from  the  COVID-19 outbreak.  Since  the  outbreak  and  its  prolonged  control and lockdown measures have reduced sales activities and delayed or suspended equipment purchases, the revenue from the Distribution Business has decreased.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Supply Chain Business

In  FY2022,  the  Group  continued  to  conduct  the  trading and  supply  chain  business  on  diversified  industrial  and consumer  products,  primarily  relating  to  construction materials,  agricultural  commodities,  consumer  products, and  medical  devices,  in  response  to  market  changes brought  by  the  COVID-19  pandemic  and  the  ratification of  Regional  Comprehensive  Economic  Partnership (RCEP)  and  to  broaden  its  revenue  stream  and  increase its  profitability.  The  Supply  Chain  Business  is  mainly conducted  through  identifying  the  requirements  of  the Group's  existing  and  potential  customers  (including specification  of  products,  price  that  the  customers can  afford,  etc.),  the  Group  will  then  source  products from  various  suppliers  and  supply  the  products  to  the customers.

The  customers  of  the  Supply  Chain  Business  mainly consist  of  state-owned  companies  and  companies  in the  industrial  sector,  including  companies  engaged  in the  production  and  processing  of  stainless  steel  pipes in  Vietnam,  highway  companies  in  China  which  require the  supply  of  structural  steel,  companies  engaged  in  the trading and supply of coffee beans and powder in Yunnan, and companies in hardware, coal, rubber tyres, and other agricultural commodities.

The  Group  leverages  on  its  extensive  customer  base established through the Distribution Business with over 30 years of operation, the extensive experience and network in the international supply chain sector of its management and staff, together with the support from the controlling shareholder  of  the  Company,  Yunnan  Provincial  Energy Investment Group Co., Ltd. (the 'YEI Group'), to identify different  potential  customers  for  its  Supply  Chain Business.  In  addition,  the  Group  participates  in  tender or  quotation  invitations  from  the  existing  and  potential customers  in  both  government  and  non-government sectors, and open tender for the provision of supply chain services.

The  Group  actively  expands  trading  business  channels and  continues  to  carry  out  the  Supply  Chain  Business. In  2022,  we  recorded  a  revenue  of  HK$280.2  million,  a gross  profit  of  HK$13.2  million  and  a  gross  profit  margin of  approximately  4.7%.  In  particular,  the  international trading  business  recorded  a  revenue  of  HK$158.1  million and  a  gross  profit  of  HK$10.2  million,  firstly  due  to  the entering  into  more  than  70  export  contracts  (including daily  necessities,  electronic  products,  control  equipment, etc.)  involving  countries  such  as  Vietnam,  Australia, Germany, Canada and Guatemala with an export amount of  approximately  HK$56.8  million  throughout  the  year, and  secondly  due  to  the  substantial  growth  of  export  of stainless  steel  to  Vietnam  where  more  than  10  batches of  export  were  made  throughout  the  year  with  a  sales amount  of  approximately  HK$101.3  million.  (In  2021, the  international  trading  business  recorded  a  revenue of  HK$34.9  million,  a  gross  profit  of  HK$1.6  million,  and a  gross  profit  margin  of  4.6%.)  The  domestic  trading business  recorded  a  revenue  of  approximately  HK$122.1 million  and  a  gross  profit  of  HK$3.0  million,  which involved  the  trading  of  rubber,  coffee  powder,  building materials,  coal,  etc.  Throughout  the  year,  revenue  from the  trading  of  rubber  amounted  to  HK$36.4  million; revenue  from  the  trading  of  coffee  powder  amounted to  HK$45.5  million;  revenue  from  the  trading  of  steel products  amounted  to  HK$31.5  million;  and  revenue from the trading of coal amounted to HK$8.7 million. (In 2021,  the  domestic  trading  business  recorded  a  revenue of  HK$36.7  million  and  a  gross  profit  of  HK$0.4  million.) Both international trade and domestic trade supply chain companies achieved substantial growth in 2022, with the revenue of international trade increasing by 4.5 times and the  revenue  of  domestic  trade  increasing  by  3.3  times. The  Company  has  maintained  a  good  momentum  of development.

In  FY2022,  the  revenue  from  the  Supply  Chain  Business increased  by  HK$208.6  million  or  291.3%  to  HK$280.2 million  from  HK$71.6  million  for  FY2021.  The  Group has  sold  around  11,141  tons  of  stainless  steel  pipes and  structural  steel  as  well  as  around  7,600  tons  of coal  in  FY2022.  The  Group  has  also  entered  into  supply agreements of 60 tons of coffee powder in FY2022.

The Group's total revenue increased by HK$204.0 million or  242.6%  to  HK$288.1  million  for  FY2022  from  HK$84.1 million  for  FY2021,  mainly  attributable  to  the  increase  in revenue from sales of goods in the Supply Chain Business as  the  Group  continues  to  develop  the  Supply  Chain Business,  and  aims  to  extend  its  business  to  cover  not only construction materials and medical devices, but also consumer products and agricultural commodities to meet the customers' needs.

The  Group's  loss  for  FY2022  decreased  by  67.0%  to HK$8.9  million  from  HK$27.0  million  in  FY2021  mainly due  to  (i)  the  increase  in  both  the  revenue  and  the corresponding  gross  profit  of  the  Supply  Chain  Business; (ii)  the  absence  of  provision  for  inventories;  and  (iii)  the decrease  in  charges  for  warehouse  storage  and  logistic services which were recorded in FY2021.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income

The  key  value  for  the  Distribution  Business  lies  in  the provision  of  technical  services  to  the  Group's  customers, including  design  of  system  specifications,  formulation of  testing  standard  requirements  against  customers' budgets,  installation  of  equipment  and  relevant  systems, on-site  after-sale  services,  etc.  In  FY2022,  both  Mainland China  and  Hong  Kong  were  clouded  by  the  uncertainties arising  from  the  COVID-19  outbreak  and  the  Distribution Business  was  affected  accordingly.  Since  the  outbreak and  its  prolonged  control  and  lockdown  measures  have reduced  sales  and  after-sales  activities  and  delayed  or suspended  equipment  purchases,  the  revenue  from  the Distribution Business has decreased.

Leveraging  on  the  Distribution  Business's  experience accumulated  over  three  decades  of  operation  as  well  as the extensive experience and network in the international supply  chain  sector  of  its  management  and  staff,  the Supply  Chain  Business  has  continued  to  improve  its financial performance and its revenue in FY2022 increased by  HK$208.6 million  or  291.3%  to  HK$280.2  million  from HK$71.6 million for FY2021.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Despite  the  changes  to  the  Company's  directors  and management  in  recent  years  and  the  Company's  new management  team  has  been  reviewing  the  business operation  and  direction  of  the  Group,  the  financial performance of the Group improved in FY2022 as Supply Chain  Business'  financial  results  have  contributed  to  the Group's revenue growth.

## Revenue

Revenue  in  FY2022  increased  by  HK$204.0  million  or 242.6%  to  HK$288.1  million  from  HK$84.1  million  for FY2021,  mainly  attributable  to  the  higher  revenue contribution from the Supply Chain Business, partly offset by the drop in revenue from the Distribution Business, as explained above.

## Cost of sales

Cost of sales in FY2022 increased by 238.9% to HK$274.5 million from HK$81.0 million in FY2021. The increase was in line with the revenue growth.

## Gross profit and gross profit margin

The  gross  profit  in  FY2022  increased  by  338.7%  to HK$13.6 million from HK$3.1 million in FY2021. The gross profit  margin  in  FY2022  was  4.7%  compared  to  3.7%  in FY2021. The gross profit  margin  increased  mainly  due  to the increased revenue contribution from the Supply Chain Business  which  enjoys  a  higher  gross  profit  margin  in FY2022.

## Other income and gains, net

Other  income  and  gains,  net  in  FY2022  increased  by 775.0% to HK$3.5 million from HK$0.4 million in FY2021. The  increase  was  mainly  due  to  the  increase  of  bank interest  income,  remedy  for  late  payment,  government subsidies and gain on foreign exchange in FY2022.

## Selling and distribution expenses

Selling  and  distribution  expenses  in  FY2022  increased  by 175.0% to HK$5.5 million from HK$2.0 million in FY2021, mainly due to increase in freight as a result of increased sales activities in Asia and other areas.

## Administrative expenses

Administrative  expenses  in  FY2022  increased  by  1.6%  to HK$12.7  million  from  HK$12.5  million  in  FY2021,  mainly due to the further increase in staff costs.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Other expenses, net

Other  expenses,  net  in  FY2022  decreased  by  99.5%  to HK$0.1  million  from  HK$21.2  million  in  FY2021,  mainly due to the absence of the write-off of inventories and the charges of warehouse storage and logistics service.

## Finance costs

Finance  costs  in  FY2022  increased  by  71.4%  to  HK$2.4 million  from  HK$1.4  million  in  FY2021,  mainly  due  to  a higher  average  loan  principal  amount  outstanding  during FY2022.

## Loss for the year

In  view  of  the  above,  the  Group's  loss  for  FY2022 decreased  by  67.0%  to  HK$8.9  million  from  HK$27.0 million in FY2021.

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

## Inventories

Inventories  increased  by  HK$17.1  million  from  HK$6.4 million  as  at  31  December  2021  to  HK$23.5  million  as at  31  December  2022,  mainly  due  to  the  increase  in inventories of coffee powder resulting from the expanded coverages  under  the  Supply  Chain  Business.  The  Group maintains  a  certain  level  of  inventories  to  support  its customers needs in both Distribution Business and Supply Chain Business.

## Trade receivables

Trade  receivables  decreased  by  HK$19.5  million  from HK$64.1  million  as  at  31  December  2021  to  HK$44.6 million  as  at  31  December  2022,  mainly  due  to  the decrease in trade receivables of the Supply Chain Business which are less than 90 days as a result of the increase in revenue.

## Trade payables

Trade  payables  increased  by  HK$3.8  million  from  HK$2.0 million  as  at  31  December  2021  to  HK$5.8  million  as  at 31  December  2022,  mainly  due  to  the  increase  in  trade payables of the Supply Chain Business which are less than 60 days as a result of the increase in cost of sales.

## SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES, AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS

Save  for  those  disclosed  in  this  annual  report,  there were  no  significant  investments  held  by  the  Group  as at  31  December  2022,  nor  were  there  other  material acquisitions  and  disposals  of  subsidiaries  by  the  Group during FY2022. Apart from those disclosed in this annual report,  there  was  no  other  plan  authorised  by  the  Board for  other  material  investments  or  additions  of  capital assets at the date of this annual report.

## PLEDGE ON ASSETS

The Group did not have any charges on its assets as at 31 December 2022.

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL COMMITMENT

The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities or capital commitment as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS ON EXCHANGE RATES

The  Group's  transactions  are  mainly  denominated  in United  States  dollars,  Hong  Kong  dollars  and  Renminbi. Therefore,  the  Group  is  exposed  to  foreign  currency exchange  risk.  The  Group  has  not  implemented  any foreign currency hedging policy at the moment. However, continuous monitoring on the foreign exchange exposure is  carried  out  by  the  management  and  the  management will  consider hedging against significant foreign exchange exposure should the need arise.

## LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group's  net  current  assets amounted to  HK$171.3  million  (2021:  HK$187.1  million), of which the bank balances and cash were HK$43.1 million (2021:  HK$103.1  million).  The  Group's  current  ratio  was 4.4 (2021: 3.4).

Total  loans  from  fellow  subsidiaries  and  an  intermediate holding  company  as  at  31  December  2022  was  Nil (2021:  HK$73.6  million)  and  HK$29.4  million  (2021:  Nil). All  the  Group's  loans  were  denominated  in  Renminbi. The  Group's  gearing  ratio  stood  at  17.2%  as  at  31 December 2022 (2021: 39.1%), which is calculated based on  the  Group's  total  interest-bearing  debts  over  the total  equity.  The  Group  adopts  centralised  financing and  treasury  policies  in  order  to  ensure  that  group financing is managed efficiently. The Group also regularly monitors  its  liquidity  requirements,  its  compliance  with lending  covenants  and  its  relationship  with  bankers  to ensure  that  it  maintains  sufficient  reserves  of  cash  and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short term and long term.

## PROSPECTS

The Group will continue to focus on both the Distribution Business  and  Supply  Chain  Business,  with  a  view  to continuously increasing its business scale and broadening the  customer  base,  which  in  turn  will  increase  revenue and profit contribution from such businesses and generate returns for its shareholders. In this connection, the Group has  formulated  detailed  business  plans  in  the  upcoming financial years, as further discussed below:

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Distribution Business

In  addition  to  its  existing  customer  base  in  the  PRC,  the Group plans to make use of the well-established resources and  extensive  marketing  network/business  relationship of  the  YEI  Group,  to  expand  the  Distribution  Business  in regions  of  the  PRC,  particularly  in  the  Southwest  region in China. Set out below is a summary of the key business plans:

- In  the  first  quarter  of  2023,  the  Group  further made  substantial  breakthroughs  and  carried  out a  number  of  procurement  of  medical  equipment from  independent  third  parties  and  entered  into contracts  including  sales  contract  of  electronic bronchoscope  and  lung  function  detector;  sales contract  of  electronic  Gastroenteroscopy  and electronic  bronchoscopy,  and  sales  contract  of linear  accelerator.  Since  1  January  2023  and  up to  mid-March  2023,  the  Group  has  entered  into contracts  related  to  the  Distribution  Business  of a  total  contract  amount  of  HK$52.9  million  and achieved  in  sales  approximately  HK$13.2  million, and is closely tracking the MRI procurement project with  a  contract  amount  of  approximately  HK$21.0 million. It is expected that sales of HK$73.45 million can be achieved in the second to third quarters of 2023.
- Extension  of  a  wider  range  of  product  and  service offerings that meet the demands from the existing and  potential  customers  in  different  industries, and  such  products  mainly  focus  on  life  science instruments.  The  Group  will  actively  participate  in the  bidding  and  procurement  projects  of  medical equipment  in  provincial  hospitals  in  Yunnan Province  and  the  Grade  3A  hospitals  in  Dizhou City,  and  enter  into  cooperation  agreements  with relevant  equipment  manufacturers  and  agents  to improve the sales performance and profitability of the Distribution Business.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Supply Chain Business

Given  the  impact  of  COVID-19  in  2022,  the  Group conducts  detailed  review  of  its  operations  and  makes adjustment to its sales strategies to explore new potential projects,  enhance  its  revenue  stream  and  improve  its profitability  from  time  to  time.  Accordingly,  the  Group has  been  actively  developing  the  Supply  Chain  Business in  both  domestic  and  overseas  markets.  The  Group  also strives  to  capture  potential  opportunities  for  the  Supply Chain Business through its management team's extensive experience (particularly relating to international trade and energy projects) and business network. Set out below is a summary of the key business plans:

- In  2023,  the  Company  will  continue  to  develop the Supply Chain Business, and strive to sign longterm  supply  agreements  with  relevant  companies engaging in  coal  and  mineral  products  business  to achieve  long-term  and  stable  large-value  trade. In  terms  of  the  international  trading  business,  in addition  to  maintaining  the  original  export  trade, the  Company will actively  develop  import  trade  to gradually  realise  the  two-wheel  driven  import  and export trade.
- At  the  same  time,  the  Group  will  continue  to strengthen  in-depth  cooperation  with  expressway operators,  and  explore  long-term  cooperation models for other expressway construction projects. The  Group  will  also  continue  to  actively  source customers  to  further  develop  the  Supply  Chain Business.

•

- The  Group's  Supply  Chain  Business  is  currently handled  by  a  seasoned  management  team  of  11 persons  of  the  Group,  led  by  Mr.  Ma  Can,  who  is graduated from Yunnan University with a master's degree  in  business  administration.  He  has  the qualifications  of  customs  broker  and  inspector.  He has worked in Cambodia, Laos and other Southeast Asian  countries  and  foreign  economic  and  trade enterprises  in  Yunnan  Province  for  several  years. He  has  more  than  20  years  of  rich  international experience  and  trade  experience  and  overseas work  background,  and  long  been  engaged  in  the import  and  export  trade  of  coke,  coal,  machinery and  equipment,  fertilisers,  pesticides,  medical and  health  products.  The  other  management team  has  an  average  7  years  of  experience  in  the international  supply  chain  industry.  Leveraging on  the  YEI  Group's  business  network  in  overseas markets,  the  Group  plans  to  set  up  teams  for further  development  of  international  Supply  Chain Business,  including  but  not  limited  to  construction materials,  medical  devices  and  energy.  Under  the management  organisation  of  Mr.  Ma,  the  Group has  formed  the  seasoned  management  team with  efficient  customs  declaration  advantages and  broad  trade  category  advantages,  it  can  still carry  out  Supply  Chain  Business  despite  that  the international  trade  is  severely  affected  by  the COVID-19, and win new tenders and the accelerate promotion  of  potential  steel,  rudder,  copper concentrate, electrolytic copper, fertilizer, chemical raw  materials  and  other  trading  businesses.  The Group  will  continue  to  expand  its  business  team in  response  to  the  increasing  level  of  business activities  and  market  demand  in  the  next  12 months.

## International Energy Project Investment

In  addition  to  the  existing  Distribution  Business  and Supply  Chain  Business,  the  Group  will  also  start  to tap  into  the  development  opportunities  in  the  area  of international  green  energy  project  investment  to  explore the expansion of the installed capacity of overseas energy projects and win more related construction tenders, so as to  increase  the  revenue  and  profit  contribution  of  these businesses and create returns for shareholders. The Group plans  to  leverage  on  the  good  relationship  between  YEI Group  and  the  governments  and  cooperative  units  in Laos and Myanmar to engage in green energy investment projects.

It  is  planned  that  in  2023,  the  Group  will  expand  the Supply  Chain  Business  in  South  Asia  and  Southeast Asia.  Leveraging  on  the  advantages  of  the  substantial shareholder's  overseas  network  resources  in  the  region, the  Group  will  make  full  use  of  its  own  supply  chain management  experience  and  professional  advantages to  form  complementary  advantages  with  the  substantial shareholder's  overseas  energy  project  development needs.  Based  on  the  unique  professional  background and  regional  project  experience  of  the  Board,  the management and the team of the Group, the Group plans to focus on the field of energy infrastructure construction and supply chain in Laos and Myanmar, accumulate brand awareness and service reputation in the region, and seek other business development opportunities and investment opportunities  in  the  region  to  diversify  the  Group's business  layout  and  expand  the  Group's  comprehensive influence in South Asia and Southeast Asia.

The  Group  will  continue  to  strive  to  locate  and  maintain customers with overseas energy import and export needs by  leveraging  on  YEI  Group's  important  influence  in  the fields  of  green  energy,  modern  logistics,  digital  economy and  other  industries  in  Yunnan  Province  and  Southwest region  in  China,  overseas  network  advantage  and  our seasoned  management  team,  so  as  to  expand  customer base and increase income source to create a global supply chain network.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

With  the  continuous  development  of  the  business,  the Group will, leveraging on the YEI Group's existing overseas network,  set  up  a  dedicated  business  team,  conduct  indepth  exploration  of  business  resources,  and  enhance its  connections  with  potential  customers  and  supplies  in each region. The maintenance of good relationships with suppliers further enhances the competitive advantage and sustainability of the Supply Chain Business.

Given  an  improving  financial  performance,  with  the formulated business plans and the initial tapping into the energy  investment  area,  the  Group  expects  to  leverage on  the  above-mentioned  advantages  and  resources, strive  to  diminish  the  current  unfavourable  situation, improve operating efficiency, and further create value for shareholders.

## EMPLOYEES AND EMOLUMENT POLICY

As  at  31  December  2022,  there  were  21  (2021:  17) employees in the Group. The total staff cost of the Group amounted  to  approximately  HK$5.6  million  for  the  year ended  31  December  2022.  Staff  remuneration  packages are  determined  after  considering  the  market  conditions and  the  performance  of  the  individuals  concerned,  and are  subject  to  review  from  time  to  time.  The  Group also  provides  other  staff  benefits  including  medical and  life  insurance,  and  grants  discretionary  incentive bonuses to eligible staff based on their performance and contributions to the Group.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

MR.  HU  XIANGWEI  ( 胡香偉 ) ('Mr.  Hu'),  aged  52,  has over  20  years  of  working  experience  in  the  energy development  industry.  Mr.  Hu  joined  the  Yunnan Provincial  Energy  Investment  Group  Co.,  Ltd.  group  (the 'YEI  Group')  in  January  2017  and  served  as  the  general manager  of  mixed  enterprise  management  service center  ( 混合制企業管理服務中心 ).  Mr.  Hu  worked  as the  general  manager  and  the  deputy  secretary  of  the party  committee  from  August  2017  to  April  2018  and worked  as  chairman  of  the  board  and  the  secretary  of the  party  committee  from  April  2018  to  April  2019  of Yunnan  Energy  Investment  Infrastructure  Investment Development  and  Construction  Company  Limited*  ( 雲南 能投基礎設施投資開發建設有限公司 ).  Mr.  Hu  worked as the general manager of YEIG International Engineering Co.,  Ltd*  ( 雲南能投國際工程有限公司 )  from  April  2019 to  June  2021.  Mr.  Hu  is  currently  the  general  manager of  Yunnan  Energy  Investment  (HK)  Co.  Limited  as  well as  the  director  of  Shenzhen  Yunneng  International Supply  Chain  Limited  ( 深圳雲能國際供應鏈有限公司 ) and  Baodi  International  Investment  Company  Limited. Prior  to  joining  the  YEI  Group,  Mr.  Hu  worked  in  Sino Hydro  Bureau  14  Co.,  Ltd.*  ( 中國水利水電第十四工程 局 )  managing  different  projects  for  over  20  years.  Mr. Hu  obtained  a  Bachelor  degree  specializing  in  resources development  engineering  and  mining  engineering  ( 資 源開發工程系採礦工程專業 )  at  Kunming  Institute  of Technology*  ( 昆明工學院 )  (now  known  as  Kunming University of Science and Technology* ( 昆明理工大學 )) in July 1993, and a Master degree of engineering specializing in  hydraulic  engineering  at  Sichuan  University  in  June 2009.

MR.  WANG  XIANJUN  ( 王顯軍 ) ('Mr.  Wang'),  aged  52, has  over  20  years  of  working  experience  in  the  energy development  industry  and  has  extensive  management experience. He joined the YEI Group since June 2016 and has acted as a member of the party committee of Yunnan Energy  Investment  Co.  Limited,  a  member  of  the  party committee, deputy general manager of Yunnan Provincial Natural Gas Co., Limited and a deputy general manager of Yunnan Provincial Salt Co., Limited. Mr. Wang is currently the deputy general manager of Yunnan Energy Investment (HK)  Co.  Limited.  Mr.  Wang  graduated  from  East  China Jiaotong  University  ( 華東交通大學 )  with  a  Bachelor degree in economics in June 1995. He obtained a Master degree  in  business  administration  at  Southwest  Jiaotong University  ( 西南交通大學 )  in  June  2006.  Mr.  Wang  has been  a  qualified  senior  accountant  ( 高級會計師 )  since February 2002.

MR.  JIANG  WEI  ( 姜衛 ) ('Mr.  Jiang'),  aged  50,  has  been appointed  as  an  executive  Director  on  11  September 2018.  He  graduated  from  international  trade  profession of  Yunnan  University  in  1993.  In  2005,  Mr.  Jiang  also graduated  from  law  profession  of  Yunnan  Minzu University. In 2014, Mr. Jiang obtained a master's degree in industrial engineering from North China Electric Power University.  Since  2005,  Mr.  Jiang  has  worked  in  various entities  of  the  YEI  Group,  including:  Weixin  Yuntou Yuedian  Zhaixi  Energy  Co.,  Ltd., 雲能投 ( 北京 ) 國際諮詢 有限公司 ,  Yunnan  Energy  Investment  (HK)  Co.  Limited and 駐澳門商務代表處 ( 辦事處 ).  Mr.  Jiang  is  currently the vice president of Yunnan Energy Investment (HK) Co. Limited  as  well  as  the  executive  director  of 雲能投 ( 北 京 ) 國際諮詢有限公司 ,  director  of  Shenzhen  Yunneng International Supply Chain Limited ( 深圳雲能國際供應鏈 有限公司 )  and  Baodi  International  Investment  Company Limited.

MS.  ZHAO  NA  ( 趙娜 ) ('Ms.  Zhao'),  aged  47,  has  been appointed  as  an  executive  Director  on  11  September 2018. She graduated with a bachelor's degree in auditing from  Nanjing  Audit  University  in  1999.  Ms.  Zhao  was  a qualified person after passing the accounting qualification examination in the PRC in 2001. Ms. Zhao was employed in  the  financial  management  department  of  various entities of the YEI Group since 2013, including: 雲南省電 力投資有限公司 , 雲南投資滇中配售電有限公司 , 雲南 省配售電有限公司 and  Yunnan  Energy  Investment  (HK) Co. Limited. Ms. Zhao is currently the financial controller at  Yunnan  Energy  Investment  (HK)  Co.  Limited,  and  the director of 雲能國際 ( 新加坡 ) 投資有限公司 , respectively.

MR.  SONG  HENAN  ( 宋赫男 ) ('Mr.  Song'),  aged  31,  has been  appointed  the  Head  of  Business  Development Department  of  Yunnan  Energy  International  Co.  Limited from May 2019. Mr. Song joined the YEI Group in August 2017  and  served  as  the  Senior  Investment  Manager  of the Investment Department of Yunnan Energy Investment (HK) Co. Limited from 2019. Mr. Song obtained a Bachelor degree  in  Economics  in  University  of  Cambridge  in  June 2015, and a Master degree in Finance in City University of Hong Kong in June 2017.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Independent non-executive Directors

MR. SHI FAZHEN ( 施法振 ) ('Mr. Shi'), aged 59, has been appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director  on 30 November 2018. He is also the chairman of each of the Audit  Committee  and  the  Remuneration  Committee  and a member of the Nomination Committee. He has over 17 years  of  experience  in  the  field  of  audit  and  accounting. Since  2016,  he  has  acted  as  the  president  at  Shenzhen Zhonglun  Accountants  Firm  (General  Partnership)*  ( 深 圳中倫會計師事務所 ( 普通合夥 )).  From  2014  to  2016, he  served  as  the  vice  president  at  Shenzhen  Chengxin Accountants  Firm  (Special  General  Partnership)*  ( 深 圳誠信會計師事務所 ( 特殊普通合夥 )).  From  2001  to 2014, Mr. Shi held various positions at Shenzhen Mahong Accountants  Firm*  ( 深圳馬洪會計師事務所 )   and Shenzhen  Licheng  Accountants  Firm*  ( 深圳力誠會計師 事務所 ).  Prior  to  that,  he  has  worked  at  Hubei  Xiangfan Huipu  Industrial  Co.,  Ltd.*  ( 湖北省襄樊市惠普實業有限 公司 ) for over 17 years. Mr. Shi graduated from Zhongnan University  of  Finance  and  Economic  in  December  1990, majoring in industrial economic management. In 2001, he obtained his qualification as a certified public accountant in  the  People's  Republic  of  China  ('PRC').  In  2007,  he obtained  the  qualification  as  an  intermediate  economist. Mr.  Shi  takes  an  active  role  in  community  services  and currently  serves  as  the  supervisor  and  vice  president  at the  Shenzhen  Transparent  and  Harmonious  Community Promotion  Centre*  ( 深圳市透明和諧社區促進中心 ). He  is  also  a  supervisor  of  the  1st  Owner  Committee  of the  Science  and  Technology  Park  (Zone  48)  of  Nanshan District, Shenzhen, PRC.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

MR.  LIU  ZONGLIU  ( 劉宗柳 ) ('Mr.  Liu'),  aged  68,  has been  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive Director  on  29  November  2019.  He  received  a  Bachelor degree  in  Financial  Accounting  from  Jiangxi  University of  Finance  and  Economics  in  1983,  a  Master  degree in  Accounting  from  Xiamen  University  in  1991  and  a Ph.D.  degree  in  accounting  from  Xiamen  University  in 1997.  Mr.  Liu  is  a  senior  accountant  in  the  PRC  and  has served  as  the  president  of  Xiamen  Zhongzhi  Accounting Association  ( 廈門市中直會計學會 )  from  March  2002  to March 2017. In 2017, he was elected as the president of Xiamen  Accounting  Association  ( 廈門市會計學會 ).  Mr. Liu  was  a  visiting  professor  of  Jimei  University  and  he currently  serves  as  the  dissertation  supervisor  for  the Master  of  Professional  Accounting  (MPAcc)  Programme in  Xiamen  University.  For  the  period  from  July  2004  to October  2007,  Mr.  Liu  served  as  the  chairman  of  the board  of  directors  of  Xiamen  Wufu  Printing  Co.,  Ltd. ( 廈門五福印務有限公司 )  and  from  2005  to  2007,  Mr. Liu  was  also  the  chairman  of  the  board  of  directors  of Xiamen  Xinye  Group  Co.,  Ltd.  ( 廈門鑫葉集團有限公司 ). Mr.  Liu  has  served  as  an  independent  non-executive director  of  various  companies  which  are  listed  in  the PRC.  From  August  2011  to  November  2017,  he  worked as  independent  non-executive  director  of  Xiamen  XGMA Machinery Co.,  Ltd.  ( 廈門廈工機械股份有限公司 )  (Stock Code:  600815),  a  company  listed  on  Shanghai  Stock Exchange. Since December 2016, he has been working as independent non-executive director of Shantou Wanshun Packaging  Materials  Co.,  Ltd.  ( 汕頭萬順新材集團股份 有限公司 )  (Stock  Code:  300057),  a  company  listed  on Shenzhen  Stock  Exchange.  Since  February  2015,  he  has been  working  as  an  independent  non-executive  director of  Chengtun  Mining  Group  Co.,  Ltd.  ( 盛屯礦業集團股 份有限公司 )  (Stock  Code:  600711),  a  company  listed  on Shanghai  Stock  Exchange.  Since  December  2017,  he  has been working as an independent non-executive director of Clenergy  (Xiamen)  Technology  Pty.,  Ltd.  ( 清源科技 ( 廈門 ) 股份有限公司 ) (Stock Code: 603628), a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange.

MS. JING PILIN ( 景丕林 ) ('Ms.  Jing'),  aged  72,  has  been appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director  on 30 November 2018. She is also a member of each of the Audit  Committee,  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  the Nomination  Committee.  She  was  accredited  as  a  senior economist  by  China  Construction  Bank  Corporation  in December  1993.  She  is  currently  a  part-time  professor as  well  as  a  tutor  for  the  post-graduate  programs  at  the Zhongnan University of Economics and Law. Ms. Jing has over 35 years of experience in the field of investment and finance.  From  June  2005  to  December  2013,  she  served as  the  general  manager of China Investment Consultancy Company* ( 中國投資咨詢公司 ), she was also the general manager  of  the  investment  banking  division  and  agency division  at  China  Jianyiu  Investment  Limited  as  well  as an  independent  director  of  UBS  Securities  Co.,  Limited. From  1995  to  2004,  she  held  various  leading  positions at  the  head  office  of  the  Construction  Bank,  primarily responsible for the investment management of large and medium-sized  projects.  She  was  also  in  charge  of  the reorganisation  of  Huaxia  Securities  and  Beijing  Securities at China Jianyiu Investment Limited. Ms. Jing obtained her bachelor's  degree  in  infrastructure-economics  from  the Hubei  University  of  Economics  (now  known  as  Zhongnan University  of  Economics  and  Law)  in  1983.  In  2005,  she won the National Financial System Labor Day Medal.

MR. YANG JIE ( 楊傑 ) ('Mr.  Yang'), aged 47, has been appointed  as  the  chief  financial  officer  on  24  May  2022. He graduated from Yunnan University in 2005, majoring in business administration. Mr. Yang has been qualified as a Certified  Tax  Accountant  in  the  PRC  and  an  International Certified Internal Auditor in 2011 and a senior accountant ( 高級會計師 )  in  the  PRC  in  2013.  Mr.  Yang  has  been working  in  various  entities  of  YEI  Group  since  2012, including  YEIG  International  Engineering  Co.,  Ltd*  ( 雲南 能投國際工程有限公司 ),  Yunneng  International  Laos Investment  Co.,  Ltd.  ( 雲能國際老撾投資有限公司 )  and Laos  Jixiang  Cement  Co.,  Ltd.*  ( 老撾吉象水泥有限公司 ). Mr. Yang is currently the chief financial officer of Yunnan Energy International Co. Limited.

MR.  NG  KING  HANG  ( 吳勁衡 ) ('Mr.  Ng'),  aged 40,  is  company  secretary  of  the  Group.  He  is  currently responsible  for  the  overall  financial  management and  company  secretaries  matters  of  the  Group.  He is  a  registered  member  of  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of Certified  Public  Accountants.  Mr.  Ng  obtained  a  master's degree  in  accountancy  from  The  Hong  Kong  Polytechnic University  in  2013  and  a  bachelor's  degree  in  business administration  (honours)  (major  in  accounting)  from  The Open University of Hong Kong in 2007. Mr. Ng is currently the company secretary of Yunnan Energy Investment (HK) Co. Limited. He was the financial controller and company secretary  of  Megalogic  Technology  Holdings  Limited (Stock Code: 8242) from June 2015 to June 2018 and from April 2016 to September 2017, respectively. He served as an assistant manager of HLM CPA Limited from July 2010 to July 2015.

<!-- image -->

## Introduction

The Board is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to advance its mission to create value for the Company's shareholders. This report sets out the corporate governance practices that are in place during the year ended 31 December 2022 with reference to the principles and guidelines of the Corporate Governance Code (the 'Hong Kong Code') contained in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the 'Listing Rules') on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'SEHK'), as well as any deviation from the code provisions of the Hong Kong Code together with an explanation for such deviation. Save as disclosed in the relevant paragraphs of this Corporate Governance Report, the Company had complied with the code provisions of the Hong Kong Code during the Year.

## Board Matters

Role and Responsibilities of the Board

The  Board  effectively  leads  the  Company,  working  together  with  the  Company's  senior  management  (the 'Management')  to  achieve  success  for  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively,  the  'Group').  Management remains accountable to the Board.

In addition to its statutory duties, the Board's principal functions are to:

- (a) provide entrepreneurial leadership, set strategic objectives, and ensure that the necessary financial and human resources are in place for the Company to meet its objectives;
- (b) establish  a  framework  of  prudent  and  effective  controls  which  enables  risks  to  be  assessed  and  managed, including safeguarding of shareholders' interests and the Company's assets;
- (c) review management performance;
- (d) identify the key stakeholder groups and recognise that their perceptions affect the Company's reputation;
- (e) set the Company's values and standards (including ethical standards), and ensure that obligations to shareholders and other stakeholders are understood and met; and
- (f) consider sustainability issues, e.g. environmental and social factors, as part of its strategic formulation.

Board approval is required for transactions or matters such as major investments, corporate restructuring, mergers and acquisitions,  material  acquisitions  or  disposal  of  assets,  the  release  of  the  Group's  financial  results  announcements, interested person transactions of a material nature and declaration of dividends.

## Board Composition

As at the date of this report, the Board has eight Directors, comprising five executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors.

Executive Directors

Mr. Hu Xiangwei (Chairman)

Mr. Wang Xianjun (Chief Executive Officer)

Mr. Jiang Wei

Ms. Zhao Na

Mr. Song Henan

Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. Shi Fazhen

Mr. Liu Zongliu

Ms. Jing Pilin

On 20 July 2022, Mr. Yan Jiong (the 'Mr. Yan') had resigned as an executive Director and the chairman of the Board due to Mr. Yan's intention to focus on his own business development. In place of the Resigning Director, Mr. Wang Xianjun has been appointed as an executive Director and the chief executive officer of the Company.

The  executive  Directors  and  independent  non-executive  Directors  have  been  appointed  for  a  term  of  three  years and  one  year  respectively,  subject  to  retirement  by  rotation  at  annual  general  meeting  and  being  eligible,  to  offer themselves for re-election.

Pursuant to bye-law 104 of the Bye-Laws of the Company, Ms. Zhao Na and Mr. Liu Zongliu will retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election. Pursuant to bye-law 107(B) of the Bye-Laws of the Company, Mr. Wang Xianjun, who was appointed during the year, will retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election. On 24 March 2023, the Board, with the recommendation of the Nomination Committee, proposed that all the retiring Directors stand for reelection at the forthcoming AGM.

Information about the Board Diversity Policy and the review of the Board composition, nomination of retiring Directors as  well  as  the  independence  assessment  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  is  set  out  in  the  below  section headed 'Nomination Committee' of this Corporate Governance Report.

The criterion for independence is based on the factors set out in the Listing Rules. The Board considers an independent Director as one who, inter alia, has no relationship with the Company, its related companies or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the Director's independent business judgment with a view to ensuring the best interests of the Company. The nomination committee of the Board (the 'NC') reviews the independence of each Director annually and applies the Listing Rules' criterion on who qualifies as an independent Director  in  its  review.  Notwithstanding  the  tenure  of  service,  the  Board  considers  that  Mr.  Shi,  Mr.  Liu  and  Ms.  Jing continue to be independent and professional as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules as they have each continued to demonstrate independent judgment in the discharge of their responsibilities as a Director, and they are not connected with any of the Directors, the chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company.

The  composition  of  the  Board  complies  with  the  requirements  in  the  Listing  Rules  that  at  least  three  Directors  be independent  and  non-executive  (representing  at  least  one-third  of  the  Board)  and  that  at  least  one  of  whom  must possess appropriate professional qualifications in accounting or related financial management expertise. Furthermore, the  Company  has  received  from  each  of  its  independent  non-executive  Directors  an  annual  confirmation  of  his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing  Rules  and  the  Company  considers  the  independent  non-executive Directors to be independent as at the date of this annual report.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The NC is of the view that the current board size and composition is appropriate, taking into account the nature and scope of the business and operations of the Group. Biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 12 to 14 of this Annual Report. Save as disclosed in this annual report, and to the best knowledge of the Company, there is no financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship among members of the Board.

Particulars of interests of Directors who held office at the end of the year in shares, debentures, warrants and share options in the Company and in related corporations (other than wholly-owned subsidiaries) are set out in the Report of the Directors on pages 33 to 44 of this Annual Report.

The Board has formed three committees namely, Audit Committee (the 'AC'), Remuneration Committee (the 'RC') and the NC and has delegated different responsibilities to these committees as set out in their respective terms of reference published on the websites of HKSE, SGX-ST and the Company, to facilitate the discharge of its responsibilities efficiently and effectively.

The Board and sub-committees of the Board (namely, the AC, the RC and the NC, collectively, the 'Board Committees') meet regularly during the Year. Ad hoc meetings and/or discussions (including via tele conferencing) are convened when circumstances require. The Company's bye-laws (the 'ByeLaws') provide for participation at meetings via telephone and other electronic means. Details of the Directors' attendance at meetings of the Board and Board committee in the Year are disclosed as follows:

| ## Number of Meetings Attended/Eligible to attend for the year ended 31 December 2022  Board  meeting(s)  AC  meeting(s)  NC  meeting(s)  RC  meeting(s)  Annual  General  Meeting  Executive Directors  Mr. Hu Xiangwei  18/18  -  2/2  2/2  1/1  Mr. Wang Xianjun (1)  7/7  -  -  -  -  Mr. Jiang Wei  18/18  -  -  -  1/1  Ms. Zhao Na  18/18  -  -  -  1/1  Mr. Song Henan  18/18  -  -  -  1/1  Mr. Yan Jiong (2)  11/11  -  2/2  2/2  1/1  Independent non-executive Directors  Mr. Shi Fazhen  18/18  3/3  2/2  2/2  1/1  Ms. Jing Pilin  18/18  3/3  2/2  2/2  1/1  Mr. Liu Zongliu  18/18  3/3  2/2  2/2  1/1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) Appointed on 20 July 2022.

(2) Resigned on 20 July 2022.

Pursuant to code provision C.2.7 of the Hong Kong Code, the chairman should at least annually hold meetings with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of the executive Directors. During the year, the Chairman held  a  meeting  with  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  without  the  presence  of  the  executive  Directors.  The independent non-executive Directors may call for meetings from time to time and provide feedback to the Chairman to express their views. The Company is of the view that there is efficient communication between the Chairman and the independent non-executive Directors.

## Induction and Continuing Development of Directors

Newly appointed Directors will be briefed on the history and business operations and corporate governance practices of the Group.

As  part  of  the  programme  to  enable  Directors  to  be  familiar  with  the  Group's  operations  and  activities,  the  Group would arrange for Directors to visit key sites of operations from time to time, and ongoing training helps Directors keep abreast  of  their  responsibilities  as  a  Director  of  the  Company  and  of  the  business  activities  and  development  of  the Group.

Under  code  provision  C.1.4  of  the  Hong  Kong  Code,  Directors  are  expected  to  participate  in  appropriate  continuous professional  development  to  update  and  refresh  their  knowledge  and  skills  to  ensure  that  their  contribution  to  the Board  remains  informed  and  relevant.  During  the  year,  the  Company's  legal  advisers  conducted  internally  facilitated briefings  for  the  Directors  and  related  reading  materials  on  relevant  topics  were  issued  to  Directors.  The  Company Secretary  had  also  provided  annual  updates  and  briefing  notes  to  all  Directors  on  the  Bye-laws  and  regulations.  All Directors are also encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the Company's expense.

According to the training records provided by the Directors, the training received by each of the Directors during the year is summarized as follows:

| Name of Directors  Attending briefing  conducted by legal  advisers and Company  Secretary on regulations,  corporate governance  and update on Listing  Rules  Attending seminars/  workshops regarding  financial, management,  business skills and/or  director's duties and  responsibilities  Reading newspapers,  journals and other  relevant materials  relating to the economy,  environmental  protection, director's  profession, etc.  Executive Directors  Mr. Hu Xiangwei  ✓  ✓  ✓  Mr. Wang Xianjun (1)  ✓  ✓  ✓  Mr. Jiang Wei  ✓  ✓  ✓  Ms. Zhao Na  ✓  ✓  ✓  Mr. Song Henan  ✓  ✓  ✓  Mr. Yan Jiong  (2)  ✓  ✓  ✓  Independent non-executive Directors  Mr. Shi Fazhen  ✓  ✓  ✓  Ms. Jing Pilin  ✓  ✓  ✓  Mr. Liu Zongliu  ✓  ✓  ✓   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) Appointed on 20 July 2022.

(2) Resigned on 20 July 2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Practices and Conduct of Meetings

Notice  of  regular  Board  meetings  are  served  to  all  Directors  at  least  14  days  before  the  meetings  to  give  them  an opportunity to attend. For other Board meetings, reasonable notice has been given to all Directors.

The Directors will receive details of agenda and minutes of Board/Board Committees' meetings in advance of and after each Board/Committees' meeting respectively.

The Board is provided with complete, adequate and timely information of the Group's performance and is informed of all  material events and transactions as and when they occurred. The Directors have separate and independent access to the Company's senior management and the Company Secretary at all times. The management updates the Board on the Group's performance and outlook at each Board meeting. The Directors, in consultation with the Chairman, have the right to seek, either individually or as a group, in the furtherance of their duties, independent professional advice, if necessary, at the Company's expense.

Mr.  Ng  King  Hang,  the  Company  Secretary,  attends  all  Board  meetings  and  is  responsible  for  ensuring  that  Board procedures  are  followed.  Mr.  Ng,  together  with  the  management,  is  also  responsible  for  ensuring  the  Group's compliance with the Bermuda Companies Act and all other rules and regulations that are applicable to the Group.

Moreover, the Company Secretary prepares minutes of the Board meetings and keeps records of matters discussed and decisions resolved at all Board meetings. The Company Secretary also keeps the minutes of the Board meetings, which are open for inspection at any reasonable time on reasonable notice by any Director.

If  a  substantial  Shareholder  or  Director  has  a  conflict  of  interest  in  a  matter  to  be  discussed  by  the  Board  which  the Board considers material, such matter shall be considered at a Board meeting instead of resolved by written resolutions. Independent non-executive Directors who and whose close associates have no material interest in the matter should be present at such a Board meeting.

Pursuant to code provision A.2.7 of the Hong Kong Code, the chairman should at least annually hold meetings with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of the executive Directors. During the year, the Chairman held  a  meeting  with  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  without  the  presence  of  the  executive  Directors.  The independent non-executive Directors may call for meetings from time to time and provide feedback to the Chairman to express their views. The Company is of the view that there is efficient communication between the Chairman and the independent non-executive Directors.

## Nomination Committee

The NC was established by the Board on 28 May 2004 with written terms of reference in accordance with code provision A.5.2  of  the  Hong  Kong  Code.  As  at  the  date  of  this  report,  the  NC  comprises  two  executive  Directors  and  three independent non-executive Directors.

Chairman:

Mr. Hu Xiangwei (executive Director)

Members:

Mr. Wang Xianjun (executive Director)

Mr. Shi Fazhen (independent non-executive Director)

Mr. Liu Zongliu (independent non-executive Director)

Ms. Jing Pilin (independent non-executive Director)

The  role  and  functions  of  the  NC  are  set  out  in  its  written  terms  of  reference.  Its  primary  responsibilities  include (i)  conducting  annual  review  of  the  structure,  size  and  composition  (including  the  balance  of  skills,  knowledge, experience  and  diversity)  of  the  Board,  and  making  recommendations  on  any  proposed  changes  (if  any)  to  the Board  to  complement  the  Company's  corporate  strategy;  (ii)  identifying,  selecting  and  recommending  individuals suitably  qualified  to  become  Board  members  and  making  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  selection  of  individuals nominated for directorships; (iii) assessing the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; (iv) making recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  appointment  or  re-appointment  of  Directors  and  succession  planning  for Directors,  in  particular  the  Chairman  and  chief  executives;  and  (v)  reviewing  the  contributions  and  performances  of individual Director as well as evaluating the effectiveness of the Board.

For the year, the NC held two meetings and carried out a review and an assessment of the Board's performance, taking note of the findings from previous evaluations undertaken and the actions taken to address those findings. The meeting discussed  the  areas  where  certain  administrative  inadequacies  on  dissemination  of  board  materials  and  schedule planning  had  been  noted,  appropriate  corrective  measures  agreed  with  management  and  performance  indicators determined to drive compliance.

In addition, the NC has, during the year ended 31 December 2022, reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board, reviewed the time and attention devoted by individual Directors to the Company, assessed the independence of  the  independent non-executive Directors, and made the recommendations to the Board on the re-appointment of retiring Directors.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Nomination Policy

The  Board  has  adopted  a  nomination  policy  (the  'Nomination  Policy')  to  assist  the  Board  in  identifying  suitably qualified  candidates  and  making  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  appointment  or  re-appointment  of  Directors and  succession  planning  for  Directors  as  well  as  providing  the  selection  criteria  and  procedures  adopted  for  making recommendations by the NC. A summary of the selection criteria and procedures for recommendation and selection of candidates for directorship is disclosed below.

## Selection Criteria

In assessing the suitability of a proposed candidate, the NC shall consider the following factors:

- reputation for integrity;
- accomplishment, experience and reputation of the relevant business of the Group;
- time to be devoted and attention to the affairs of the Company;
- diversity of the Board in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural background, educational background, skills, knowledge and professional experience;
- compliance  with  the  criteria  of  independence  as  prescribed  under  Rule  3.13  of  the  Listing  Rules  for  the appointment of an independent non-executive Director; and
- any other relevant factors as may be determined by the NC or the Board from time to time.

The appointment of any proposed candidate(s) to the Board or re-appointment of any existing member(s) of the Board shall be made in accordance with the Bye-Laws and other applicable rules and regulations.

## Nomination Procedures

To nominate a candidate for the appointment and/or re-appointment of Directors, the procedures are as follows:

- The  secretary  of  the  NC  shall  convene  a  meeting,  and  invite  nominations  of  candidates  from  Board  members (if any), for consideration by the NC. The NC may also put forward candidates who are not nominated by Board members;
- Proposed  candidates  will  be  asked  to  submit  the  necessary  personal  information,  together  with  their  written consent to be appointed as a director of the Company and to the public disclosure of their personal data on any documents or relevant website in connection with their nomination or otherwise pursuant to applicable rules and regulatory requirements; recommendation will then be made by the NC upon review of the relevant documents for  Board's  consideration  and  approval.  The  NC  may  request  candidates  to  provide  additional  information  and documents, if considered necessary;
- In the context of re-appointment of any existing member(s) of the Board, the NC shall make recommendations to the Board for its consideration and recommendation, for the candidates to stand for re-election at a general meeting;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- Please refer to the 'Procedures for Shareholders to Propose a Person for Election as a Director of the Company', which is available on the Company's website, for procedures for shareholders' nomination of any candidate for election as a Director; and
- The Board shall have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand for election at any general meeting.

The Board will review the Nomination Policy, as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of the Nomination Policy.

Under bye-law 104 of the Bye-Laws, at least one-third of the Directors are required to retire from office by rotation and they are eligible for re-election at the Company's annual general meeting, and each Director must retire from office at least once every three years. In addition, a newly appointed Director must retire and offer himself for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting after his appointment pursuant to bye-law 107(B) of the Bye-Laws.

On  24  March  2022,  the  NC  had  recommended  the  re-appointment  of  Mr.  Wang  Xianjun,  Ms.  Zhao  Na  and  Mr.  Liu Zongliu for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting. The Board had accepted the NC's recommendation.

## Board Diversity Policy

The Company adopted a board diversity policy (the 'Board Diversity Policy'). A summary of the Board Diversity Policy, together  with  the  measurable  objectives  set  for  implementing  this  Board  Diversity  Policy,  and  the  progress  made towards achieving those objectives are disclosed below.

## Summary of the Board Diversity Policy

The  Company  recognised  and  embraced  the  benefits  of  having  a  diverse  Board  to  enhance  the  quality  of  its performance.  The  Board  Diversity  Policy  aims  at  setting  out  the  approach  to  achieve  diversity  of  the  Board.  In determining the Board's composition, difference in the gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service of Directors will be taken into account. All Board appointment will be made based on merit, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of  diversity  of  the  Board  and  the  contribution  that  the  selected  candidates  will  bring  to  the  Board.  The  Nomination Committee  shall  review  the  board  diversity  policy  and  make  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  amendments  to  the board diversity policy (if any) as appropriate.

The Group has a relatively balanced workforce (including senior management) overall, with 35% female permanent staff and women are well represented in corporate functions. The Group aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives  that  are  relevant  to  the  Group's  business  growth.  The  Group  adheres  to  fair  employment  practices  and promotes diversity and equal opportunity in its recruitment and promotion processes. Employees at all levels (from the Board downwards) are hired and selected based on their skill sets and abilities, regardless of race, gender or religion.

## Measurable objectives

For the purpose of implementing the Board Diversity Policy, the Board has adopted and the Company has achieved a range of measurable objectives set out below, including but not limited to gender, ethnicity, age and length of services. As at the date of this report, the Board's composition under major diversified perspectives was summarised as follows:

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Remuneration Committee

The RC was established by the Board on 28 May 2004 in accordance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules, with written terms of reference in accordance with code provision B.1.2 of the Hong Kong Code. As at the date of this report, the RC comprises four members, a majority of whom are independent non-executive Directors and two executive Directors.

Chairman:

Mr. Shi Fazhen (independent non-executive Director)

Members:

Mr. Hu Xiangwei (executive Director)

Mr. Wang Xianjun (executive Director)

Mr. Liu Zongliu (independent non-executive Director)

Ms. Jing Pilin (independent non-executive Director)

The  RC  is  responsible  for  recommending  to  the  Board  a  framework  for  the  remuneration  of  Directors  and  key executives.  The  review  covers  all  aspects  of  remuneration,  including  but  not  limited  to  Directors'  fees,  salaries, allowances,  bonuses  and  other  benefits.  The  RC  also  oversees  the  administration  of  the  Company's  share  option scheme.  The  RC's  recommendations  are  made  in  consultation  with  the  CEO  and  submitted  for  endorsement  by  the Board. No Director is involved in any decision making in respect of any remuneration or compensation to be offered or granted to him.

## Board Diversity

<!-- image -->

ED: Execu�ve Director

INED: Independent non-execu�ve Director

<!-- image -->

The RC held two meetings during the year ended 31 December 2022 and carried out its functions, which included the following:

- (i) To  recommend  to  the  Board  a  framework  of  remuneration  for  the  Board  and  executive  officers;  make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages for senior management and individual executive Directors;  such  remuneration  packages  should  cover  all  aspects  of  remuneration,  including  but  not  limited  to Director's fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, options, benefits in kind and retirement rights and compensation, including compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment.
- (ii) To review the remuneration packages of all managerial staff who are related to any of the executive Directors or the chief executive officers.
- (iii) To review and approve the management's remuneration proposals with reference to the Board's corporate goals and objectives.
- (iv) To make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors.
- (v) To  consider  salaries  paid  by  comparable  companies,  time  commitment  and  responsibilities  and  employment conditions elsewhere in the Group.
- (vi) In  the  case  of  service  contracts,  to  consider  what  compensation  commitments  the  Directors'  and  executive officers' contracts of service, if any, would entail in the event of early loss or termination with a view to being fair and avoiding rewarding poor performance. To ensure that any payment made is consistent with contractual terms and is otherwise fair and not excessive.
- (vii) To review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and appropriate.
- (viii) To ensure that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration.
- (ix) To recommend to the Board in consultation with senior management and the Chairman of the Board any long term incentive scheme.
- (x) In respect of any share option schemes as may be implemented, to consider whether Directors should be eligible for benefits under such incentive schemes.
- (xi) To  recommend  to  the  Board  on  the  appointment  of  Directors  whose  service  contracts  shall  be  disclosed  to shareholders in accordance with the Listing Rules.
- (xii) To  consult  the  Chairman  and/or  Chief  Executive  Officer  about  their  proposals  relating  to  the  remuneration  of other executive Directors and have access to professional advice if considered necessary.
- (xiii) To report to the Board on the deliberations and recommendations of the RC in discharge of their functions.

The RC has full authority to engage any external professional advice on matters relating to remuneration as and when the need arises.

## Remuneration of Directors

The disclosure on the remuneration of each Director for the Year is found on pages 78 to 79 of this annual report. A breakdown, showing the level and mix of each Director's remuneration for the year is as follows:

| Salary  Fees  Bonus  Other  Benefits  Total  Remuneration band  %  %  %  %  %  Less than HK$1,000,000  Mr. Hu Xiangwei  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Wang Xianjun  (1)  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Jiang Wei  -  -  -  -  -  Ms. Zhao Na  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Song Henan  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Yan Jiong  (2)  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Shi Fazhen  -  100  -  -  100  Ms. Jing Pilin  -  100  -  -  100  Mr. Liu Zongliu  -  100  -  -  100   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) Appointed on 20 July 2022.

(2) Resigned on 20 July 2022.

The remuneration of the executive Directors and the key executives comprise a basic salary component and a variable component, which is the performance bonus, based on the performance of the Group as a whole and the executive Director's individual performance.

The independent non-executive Directors are paid with Directors'  fees.  The  Directors'  fee  comprises  a  basic  retainer fee,  plus  additional  fees  for  serving  as  Chairman  or  member  of  a  Board  Committee,  which  take  into  account  the responsibilities, efforts and time spent in the discharge of the Director's responsibilities.

The remuneration of the member of the senior management by remuneration band for the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out below:

| Remuneration band  Number of individuals  2022  2021  Less than HK$1,000,000  2  1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Accountability and Audit

The  Board  is  responsible  for  preparation  of  financial  statements  of  the  Group.  In  presenting  the  annual  financial statements  and  interim  and  annual  results  announcements  to  shareholders,  it  is  the  aim  of  the  Board  to  provide shareholders  with  a  balanced  and  understandable  assessment  of  the  performance,  position  and  prospects  of  the Company and the Group as a whole.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Management  provides  the  Board  with  relevant  information  on  a  timely  basis  in  order  that  it  may  effectively discharge its duties.

In  discharging  its  responsibility  for  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group,  the  Board  ensures  that  the  financial statements  are  prepared  and  presented  in  accordance  with  statutory  requirements  and  applicable  accounting standards. The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

The statement of the auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements of the Group is set out in 'Independent Auditor's Report' on pages 45 to 49 of this annual report.

## Risk management and internal controls

Management regularly reviews the Group's business and operational activities to identify areas of significant business risks as well as appropriate measures to control and mitigate these risks within the Group's policies and strategies.

The Group has in place an Enterprise Risk Management Framework that identifies the key risks that the Group faces, including  financial,  operational,  compliance  and  information  technology  risks,  as  well  as  the  controls  and  procedures put in place to manage and mitigate such risks. The said framework has been reviewed and discussed by the AC and the Board at least once annually. The AC and the Management will continually assess the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management framework and processes.

In the course of their statutory audit, the Company's external auditor carried out a review of the effectiveness of the Company's material internal controls. No material compliance issues or internal control weaknesses were noted by the external auditor.

The Company has appointed and commissioned an external professional services firm as internal auditor (the 'Internal Auditor')  to  assist  the  Management  in  reviewing  the  Group's  risk  management  and  internal  controls  systems  and procedures  and  assessing  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  the  Group's  risk  management  and  internal  controls systems. The Internal Auditor have carried out their internal audits in accordance with an audit plan approved by the AC.  Findings  and  recommendations  of  the  Internal  Auditor  together  with  the  Management  response  were  submitted to  the  AC  for  review.  Considering  the  scale  and  nature  of  the  Group's  operations,  the  Board  is  satisfied  that  such  an arrangement is adequate and in the best interest of the Company. The risk management and internal control systems are reviewed annually.

The Board has received assurance from the CEO and the Financial Controller that (i) the financial records have been properly maintained and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the Company's operations and finances and (ii) the Company's risk management and internal control system in place are effective.

Based  on  the  risk  management  review  and  the  risk  management  and  the  internal  control  system  established  and maintained by the Group, work performed by the Internal Auditor and the review undertaken by the external auditor, and the aforesaid assurances from the CEO and the Financial Controller, the Board, with the concurrence of the AC, is  of  the  opinion  that  the  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  is  adequate  and  effective  to  address  the financial, operational and compliance risks, and information technology controls of the Company in its current business environment.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Board  notes  that  the  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  established  by  the  Company  provides reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the Company will not be adversely affected by any event that could be reasonably  foreseen  as  it  strives  to  achieve  its  business  objectives.  In  this  regard,  the  Board  also  notes  that  no  risk management and internal control systems can provide absolute assurance against the occurrence of material errors, poor judgment in decision making, human error, losses, fraud or other irregularities.

## Audit Committee

The AC was established by the Board on 28 May 2004 in accordance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules, with written terms of reference in compliance with code provision C.3.3 of the Hong Kong Code. As at the date of this report, the AC comprises three members, all of whom are independent non-executive Directors.

Chairman:

Mr. Shi Fazhen (independent non-executive Director)

Members:

Mr. Liu Zongliu (independent non-executive Director)

Ms. Jing Pilin (independent non-executive Director)

The AC held four meetings during the year ended 31 December 2021 and has dealt with the following matters, where relevant, with the executive Directors and the external auditor of the Company:

On 24 March 2022, the AC reviewed the Group's consolidated annual results for the year ended 31 December 2022, and considered that the said annual results are prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards, rules and regulations, and appropriate disclosures have been duly made.

- a) review the Group's annual and interim results;
- b) assist the Board in discharging its responsibility to:
3. -safeguard the Company's assets;
4. -maintain adequate accounting records; and
5. -develop and maintain effective risk management and internal control systems and internal audit functions;
- c) review the scope and results of the audit and its cost effectiveness, and the independence and objectivity of the external auditor;
- d) review  the  significant  financial  reporting  issues  and  judgements  so  as  to  ensure  the  integrity  of  the  financial statements of the Company and any formal announcements relating to the Company's financial performance;
- e) make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of the external auditor, and approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor;
- f) review the internal audit plan, and the results of the internal audits undertaken by the Internal Auditor; and
- g) review the Enterprise Risk Management Framework established, and the key risks identified together with the controls and procedures put in place to manage and mitigate the risks.

Yunnan Energy International Co. Limited Annual Report 2022

The AC has recommended to the Board that Ernst &amp; Young be nominated for reappointment as external auditor of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting. During the Year, the Company has paid an aggregate amount of approximately HK$2,300,000 to the external auditor for its audit services.

The Group has appointed suitable audit firms to meet the Group's audit obligations. In appointing the audit firms for the Group, the AC and the Board are satisfied that the appointment of different auditing firms for its subsidiaries will not compromise the standard and effectiveness of the audit of the Company.

The  AC  has  full  access  to  and  co-operation  of  the  management  and  has  been  given  the  resources  required  for  it  to discharge its functions properly. It has full discretion to invite any Director and executive officer to attend its meetings. The AC has also met with the external auditor, without the presence of the management of the Company during the Year. The external auditor have unrestricted access to the Audit Committee.

The  Company  has  put  in  place  a  whistle-blowing  framework,  endorsed  by  the  AC  where  employees  of  the  Company may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters and to ensure that arrangements are in place for the independent investigations of such matters and for appropriate follow up actions. There were no whistle-blowing reports received during the Year and up to the date of this report.

## External Auditor

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the fee payable to the Company's external auditor in respect of audit services provided to the Company and its subsidiaries is set out below:

| HK$'000  Audit services  2,300   |
|----------------------------------|

## Directors' Responsibilities for the Financial Statements

The  Directors  acknowledge  their  responsibilities  for  preparing  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  for  the year  ended  31  December  2022  which  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  financial  position  of  the  Group  as  well  as  the operating results and cash flows during that year. The auditor of the Company is responsible to form an independent opinion, based on the audit, on the financial statements prepared by the Directors and report the opinion solely to the Shareholders.

## Company Secretary

Mr. NG King Hang has been appointed as the Company Secretary with effect from 11 September 2018. He has complied with the requirement of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules by receiving relevant professional training for not less than 15 hours during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Corporate Governance Functions

The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the code provision D.3.1 of the Hong Kong Code.

## Shareholder Rights and Responsibilities

The Company engages in regular, effective and fair communication with its shareholders, and has appointed an investor relation  firm  to  advise  on  and  facilitate  this  process.  The  Company  sees  the  merits  of  holding  briefings  for  investors and  analysts  as  a  means  to  promote  better  understandings  of  the  Company's  business  and  operations.  However, it  does  so  without  compromising  the  principles  of  fair  and  equitable  disclosure.  Announcements  containing  inside information including annual and half-year results are released through the websites of SEHK, SGX-ST and the Company. The Company will also update investors and shareholders on the Group's development by making announcements in compliance with the Listing Rules from time to time.

All shareholders of the Company will be sent a copy of the annual report, interim report, circular (if any) and notice of general meeting. The Board, the Chairman of the AC, RC and NC and the key management staff will be available at the annual general meeting to answer questions that shareholders may have concerning the Company. The external auditor will also be present to assist the Directors in addressing any relevant queries from the shareholders.

## Procedures for shareholders to convene a Special General Meeting ('SGM')

Pursuant to the Bermuda Companies Act, the Board shall, on the requisition of members of the Company holding not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company upon which all calls or other sums then due have been paid, forthwith proceed to convene a SGM.

If within twenty-one days of such requisition, the Board fails to proceed to convene the SGM, the requisitionists or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them may themselves convene a SGM, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after three months from the date of the original deposit.

## Procedures for putting forward proposals at shareholders' meeting

Shareholders  can  submit  a  written  requisition  to  move  a  resolution  at  shareholders'  meeting.  The  number  of shareholders  necessary  for  a  requisition  shall  represent  not  less  than  one-twentieth  of  the  total  voting  rights  of  all shareholders having at the date of the requisition a right to vote at the shareholders' meeting, or who are no less than one hundred shareholders.

The written requisition must state the resolution, accompanied by a statement of not more than one thousand words with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at the shareholders' meeting. It must also be signed by all of the shareholders concerned and be deposited at the Company's office in Hong Kong at Room 2008, 20/F, China Resources Building, 26 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong for the attention of the Company Secretary not less than six weeks before the shareholders' meeting in case of a requisition requiring notice of a resolution and not less than one week before the shareholders' meeting in case of any other requisition.

The shareholders concerned must deposit a sum of money reasonably sufficient to meet the Company's expenses in serving  the  notice  of  the  resolution  and  circulating  the  statement  submitted  by  the  shareholders  concerned  under applicable laws and rules.

## Shareholders' enquiries

To  promote  effective  communication,  the  Company  adopts  a  shareholders'  communication  policy  which  aims  at establishing a two-way relationship and communication between the Company and the Shareholders. The Company has established several channels to communicate with the shareholders as follows:

- corporate communications such as annual reports, interim reports and circulars are issued in printed form and are available on the website of the Stock Exchange and on the website of the Company at http://www.yeigi.com;
- announcements are published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company;
- corporate information is made available on the Company's website; and
- annual and extraordinary general meetings, if any, provide a forum for the shareholders to make comments and exchange views with the Directors and senior management.

The Company keeps on promoting investor relations and enhancing communication with the existing shareholders and potential investors. It welcomes suggestions from investors, stakeholders and the public. Enquiries to the Board or the Company may be sent by post to the Company's principal place of business in Hong Kong.

The  Company  reviewed  the  implementation  and  effectiveness  of  the  shareholders'  communication  policy  and considered it to be effective for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Dividend Policy

The  Board  has  adopted  a  dividend  policy  (the  'Dividend  Policy')  on  4  March  2019  with  an  aim  to  provide  the shareholders of the Company with stable and sustainable returns.

In proposing any dividend distribution and determining the dividend payout, the Board shall take into account:

- the actual and expected performance and financial conditions of the Group;
- retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Group;
- the liquidity and cash flow of the Group;
- the expected requirements for working capital and future investment of the Group;
- restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed on the Company by any of its financing arrangements; and
- such other factors that the Board deems appropriate.

<!-- image -->

## Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listing Issuers (the 'Model Code') as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct for dealing in securities of the Company by the Directors.

Having made specific enquiry with all Directors, the Company confirmed that all members of the Board complied with the Model Code during the year ended 31 December 2022.

Senior  management,  executives  and  staff  who,  because  of  their  offices  in  the  Company  are  likely  to  possess  inside information,  have  also  been  requested  to  comply  with  the  Model  Code  for  securities  transactions.  No  incident  of  noncompliance with the Model Code by such employees was noted by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Constitutional Documents

The  Board  of  Directors  persistently  review  and  update  the  policies  and  constitutional  documents  of  the  Company. During the year, the Board of Directors obtained the approval of the Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on  10  June  2022  to  update  the  Bye-laws  in  order  to  bring  it  up  to  date  and  in  line  with  the  Listing  Rules.  The  most updated Bye-Laws are available on the websites of HKSE, SGX-ST and the Company.

The Directors  are  pleased  to  present  their  report  together  with  the  audited  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

## 1 PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW

The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of the Group are set out in note 1 to the financial statements. There were no significant changes in the nature of the Group's principal activities during the year.

Further discussion and analysis of these activities, including a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties facing  the  Group  and  an  indication  of  the  likely  developments  in  the  Group's  business,  can  be  found  in  the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis' as set out on pages 5 to 11 of this annual report. These discussions form part of this Directors' Report.

## 2 RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The  results  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  are  set  out  in  the  consolidated  statement  of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 50 of this annual report. No interim dividend was paid during  the  year.  In  respect  of  the  financial  year  ended  31  December  2022,  no  dividend  was  proposed  by  the Directors (2021: Nil).

## 3 SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A summary of the consolidated results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted  from  the  published  audited  consolidated  financial  statements,  is  set  out  on  page  100  of  this  annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.

## 4 FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board did not declare a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## 5 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in note 13 to the financial statements.

## 6 MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  sales  to  the  Group's  five  largest  customers  accounted  for approximately 72.6% (2021: approximately 97.7%) of the total sales for the year and the single largest customer accounted  for  approximately  35.2%  (2021:  approximately  43.6%);  purchases  from  the  Group's  five  largest suppliers accounted for approximately 76.5% (2021: approximately 86.6%) of the total purchases for the year and the single largest supplier accounted for approximately 35.4% (2021: approximately 44.8%).

None of the Directors or any of their close associates or any shareholders (who, to the best knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the Company's issued share capital) had any beneficial interest in the Group's five largest customers or suppliers.

## 7 SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in the issued share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 24 to the financial statements.

## 8 EQUITY-LINKED	AGREEMENT

Save for details of the share option schemes as set out in note 24 to the financial statements, no equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022 or subsisted at the end of the financial year.

## 9 PRE-EMPTIVE	RIGHTS

There  are  no  provisions  for  pre-emptive  rights  under  the  Company's  Bye-laws  or  the  laws  of  Bermuda  which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.

## 10 PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES

During  the  year,  there  was  no  purchase,  sale  or  redemption  by  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  of  the Company's listed securities on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'SEHK') and the Main Board of The Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the 'SGX-ST').

## 11 DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Details of the movements in the reserves of the Company during the year are set out in note 32 to the financial statements.

## 12 DIRECTORS

The Directors in office during the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this report are:

Executive Directors

Mr. Hu Xiangwei (Chairman)

Mr. Wang Xianjun (Chief Executive Officer) (appointed with effect from 20 July 2022)

Mr. Jiang Wei

Ms. Zhao Na

Mr. Song Henan

Mr. Yan Jiong (resigned with effect from 20 July 2022)

Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Shi Fazhen

Mr. Liu Zongliu

Ms. Jing Pilin

Ms. Zhao Na and Mr. Liu Zongliu will retire in accordance with bye-law 107(B) of the Company's Bye-laws at the Company's forthcoming annual general meeting and being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

Mr.  Wang  Xianjun  will  retire  in  accordance  with  bye-law  104  of  the  Company's  Bye-laws  at  the  Company's forthcoming annual general meeting and being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent non-executive Directors pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers each of them to be independent.

<!-- image -->

## 13 BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 12 to 15 of this annual report. The biographical details do not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.

## 14 DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

The Directors' fees are subject to shareholders' approval at general meetings. Other emoluments are determined by  the  Company's  Board  of  Directors  with  reference  to  the  respective  Directors'  duties,  responsibilities  and performance and the results of the Group. The details of the directors' remuneration are set out on pages 78 to 79 of this annual report.

## 15 DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the executive Directors, Mr. Hu Xiangwei, Mr. Wianjun, Mr. Jiang Wei, Ms. Zhao Na and Mr. Song Henan entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years, which shall automatically continue from  year  to  year  upon  expiry  of  its  term,  unless  terminated  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  service contract  by  either  party  giving  to  the  other  not  less  than  six  months'  prior  notice  in  writing  provided  that  the Company shall have the option to pay salary in lieu of any required period of notice.

None of the Directors has or is proposed to have entered into any service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Company or any such subsidiary within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory compensation.

## 16 MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year.

## 17 CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed in this annual report, there were no contract of significance in relation to the Group's business in which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries or a controlling shareholder was a party, and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at as 31 December 2022 or at any time during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## 18 DIRECTORS' INTEREST IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 31 December 2022, so far as is known to any Directors or chief executives of the Company, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company had any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the SEHK pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or (b) to be entered in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or (c) as otherwise to be notified to the Company and the SEHK pursuant to the Model Code.

## 19 DIRECTORS' INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESSES

None of the Directors was interested in any business which competes or is likely to compete with the businesses of the Group at any time during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## 20 DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS

Details  of  the  related  party  transactions  are  set  out  in  the  below  paragraphs  and  note  28  to  the  financial statements.

No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance in relation to the Group's business to which the Company or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  was  a  party  and  in  which  a  Director  of  the  Company  or  an  entity  connected  with  a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted during or at the end of the year.

## 21 ARRANGEMENTS TO ENABLE DIRECTORS TO ACQUIRE BENEFITS BY MEANS OF THE ACQUISITION OF SHARES AND DEBENTURES

Neither at the end of the financial year ended 31 December 2022 nor at any time during the financial year did there  subsist  any  arrangement  whose  object  is  to  enable  the  Directors  to  acquire  benefits  by  means  of  the acquisition of shares or debentures in the Company or any other body corporate, except for the share options schemes mentioned in note 24 to the financial statements.

## Share Option Scheme

The Company adopted the 2004 Share Option Scheme on 28 May 2004 for a maximum period of 10 years from the  adoption  date,  which  was  subsequently  superseded  by  the  2011  Share  Option  Scheme  adopted  by  the Company on 9 June 2011. The terms of the 2004 Share Option Scheme and the 2011 Share Option Scheme were amended on 17 July 2018, details of which were disclosed in the circular of the Company dated 29 June 2018 (the 'Circular') and the poll results announcement of the Company dated 17 July 2018.

## REPORT OF

## THE DIRECTORS

No  share  option  had  been  granted,  exercised,  expired,  cancelled  or  lapsed  and  there  is  no  outstanding  share option  under  the  2004  Share  Option  Scheme  and  the  2011  Share  Option  Scheme  during  the  year  ended  31 December 2021.

A summary of the 2004 Share Option Scheme and the 2011 Share Option Scheme are set out below.

## 2004 Share Option Scheme

## 2011 Share Option Scheme

| 1. Purpose  To provide the eligible participants with an opportunity to have a personal stake in the Company with a view of motivating them to optimise their performance efficiency for the benefit of the Company.  To enable the Company to grant options to eligible participants as incentives or rewards for their contribution to the Group, and to encourage eligible participants to perform their best in achieving goals of the Group.  2. Eligible participants  Directors (including non-executive Directors and independent non- executive Directors) and employees of the Group.  Controlling shareholders and their associates are not eligible to participate in the 2004 Share Option Scheme.  Directors (including non-executive Directors and independent non- executive Directors) and employees of the Group.  3. Maximum number of shares available for issue  The total number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the 2004 Share Option Scheme shall not exceed 15% of the issued Shares from time to time.  No further options could be granted under the 2004 Share Option Scheme.  The maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the 2011 Share Option Scheme is 23,250,000 Shares which is equivalent to 10% and 8% of the issued Shares as at its adoption date (i.e. 9 June 2011) and the date of this annual report respectively.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

4. Maximum entitlement of each participant
5. Option period

The maximum entitlement of any offeree, in accordance with and during the operation of the 2004 Share Option Scheme, shall not exceed 20% in aggregate of the total number of Shares which have been issued and may be issued by the Company under the 2004 Share Option Scheme.

Holders of options who are executive directors or employees of any company in the Group will have up to 10 years from the date of grant to exercise their options. Holders of options who are non-executive directors of any company within the Group will have up to 5 years from the relevant date of grant to exercise their options.

Offers of options made to grantees, if not accepted within 30 days, will lapse.

<!-- image -->

1% of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time within any 12-month period up to the date of offer.

Where the options are granted to the controlling shareholders and their associates, (i) the aggregate number of Shares available to the controlling shareholders and their associates shall not exceed 25% of the maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2011 Share Option Scheme; (ii) the aggregate number of Shares available to each controlling shareholder or his associate shall not exceed 10% of the maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2011 Share Option Scheme; (iii) separate approval of independent shareholders shall be obtained for each participant in respect of this participation and the number of Shares comprised in the options to be granted to him and the terms.

The period shall not be more than 10 years from the date of grant to be notified by the Remuneration Committee to each grantee which period of time shall commence on the date of grant and expire on such earlier date as may be determined by the Company.

<!-- image -->

6. Payment on acceptance of options offer

Upon acceptance of the option, the grantee shall pay S$1.00 to the Company by way of consideration for the grant of the option.

Similar to the 2004 Share Option Scheme.

7. Exercise price

Exercise price may be set at a price equal to the average of the last dealt prices for the Shares determined by reference to the daily official list of other publication published by the Official List of SGX-ST for a period of five consecutive market days immediately preceding the relevant date of grant or at a discount to the abovementioned price (subject to a maximum discount of 20%).

Exercise price shall be the higher of: (i) the official closing price of the Shares as stated on the daily quotations sheets issued by the SEHK or the SGX- ST (whichever is higher) on the offer date of such option, which must be a business day; and (ii) the average of the official closing prices of the Shares stated on the daily quotation sheets issued by the SEHK or the SGX- ST for the 5 consecutive business days immediately preceding the offer date of such options (whichever is higher).

8. Scheme period

It shall be in force up to a maximum period of 10 years from its adoption date (i.e. up to 28 May 2014), and was subsequently superseded by the 2011 Share Option Scheme.

It shall be in force up to a maximum period of 10 years from its adoption date (i.e. up to 9 June 2021).

## Share Award Scheme

Details of the share award scheme are set out in note 24 to the financial statements.

## 22 SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' AND OTHER PERSONS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at  31  December 2022, so far as known to the Directors of the Company, the following persons (other than the Directors whose interests are disclosed in the section headed 'Directors' Interests in Shares and Underlying Shares  and  Debentures'  above)  had,  or  were  deemed  to  have,  interests  or  short  positions  in  the  shares  or underlying  shares  of  the  Company  which  would  fall  to  be  disclosed  to  the  Company  and  the  SEHK  under  the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO:

## Long position in Shares

| Direct Interest  Deemed Interest  Name  Capacity and nature  of interests  Number of  Shares held  Approximate  percentage of  the  issued share  capital of  the Company  Number of  Shares held  Approximate  percentage of  the  issued share  capital of  the Company  Baodi International Investment  Company Limited  (Note 1)  Beneficial owner  201,196,995  73.05%  -  -  Yunnan Energy Investment (HK)  Co. Limited  (Note 1)  Interest of controlled  corporation  -  -  201,196,995  73.05%  Yunnan Provincial Energy  Investment Group Co., Limited  (Note 1)  Interest of controlled  corporation  -  -  201,196,995  73.05%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. 201,196,995  shares  are  owned  by  Baodi  International  Investment  Company  Limited  which  is  wholly  owned  by  Yunnan  Energy Investment (HK) Co. Limited, which in turn is wholly owned by Yunnan Provincial Energy Investment Group Co., Limited. Accordingly, Yunnan Energy Investment (HK) Co. Limited and Yunnan Provincial Energy Investment Group Co., Limited are deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Baodi International Investment Company Limited.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, the Directors were not aware of any other persons (other than the Directors) who had, or were deemed to have, interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the SEHK under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

## 23 SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based  on  information  that  is  publicly  available  to  the  Company  and  within  the  knowledge  of  the  Directors,  at least 25% of the Company's total issued share capital was held by the public as at the date of this annual report.

## 24 BOARD COMMITTEES

The  Company  established  each  of  the  Audit  Committee,  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  the  Nomination Committee on 28 May 2004. For further details, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report of this annual report.

## 25 DONATIONS

No charitable and other donations were made by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## 26 ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group is committed to operating in compliance with applicable environmental laws as well as protecting the environment by minimising the negative impact of the Group's existing business activities on the environment.

The  Group  has  actively  promoted  material-saving  and  environmentally  friendly  working  environment  so  as  to protect  the  environment  and  improve  air  quality  within  the  community.  The  Group  is  reviewing  their  action plan  for  further  reduction  of  energy  consumption  in  our  manufacturing  facilities.  Several  measures  have  been implemented in order to mitigate environmental pollution, such as reducing energy consumption and enhancing machines  and  equipment.  The  Group  also  adheres  to  the  principle  of  recycling  and  reducing.  Double  sided printing and copying, using recycled paper and reducing energy consumption by switching off idle lightings and electrical appliance are being implemented in the offices.

## 27 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The  Group  recognises  the  importance  of  compliance  with  regulatory  requirements  and  the  risk  of  noncompliance  with  such  requirements  could  lead  to  the  termination  of  operating  licences.  The  Group  has  been allocating system and staff resources to ensure ongoing compliance with the applicable rules and regulations and to maintain cordial working relationships with regulators effectively through effective communications.

Throughout  the  financial  year  ended  31  December  2022,  to  the  best  knowledge,  information  and  belief,  the Company was not  aware  of  any  non-compliance  with  any  relevant  laws  and  regulations  that  had  a  significant impact on the Company.

## 28 RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

For our relationship with employees, please refer to the paragraph headed 'Employees and Emolument Policy' as set out in the Management Discussion and Analysis on page 11 of this annual report.

Relationship is the fundamentals of business. The Group fully understands this principle and thus maintain close relationship with the customers to fulfil their immediate and long-term need. The Group also strives to maintain fair and co-operating relationship with the suppliers.

## 29 PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force throughout the year ended 31 December 2022. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential legal actions against its Directors and officers.

## 30 DEFINED BENEFIT PLAN

The  Group  operates  a  defined  contribution  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  retirement  benefit  scheme  under  the Mandatory  Provident  Fund  Schemes  Ordinance  and  other  defined  contribution  schemes  in  other  jurisdictions in  which  the  Group  has  operations  for  eligible  employees.  Under  these  schemes,  the  Group's  employer contributions  vest  fully  with  the  employees  when  contributed  into  these  schemes.  Accordingly,  the  Group's contributions under these schemes had no forfeited contributions which may be used to reduce the existing level of contributions.

The  Group's  defined  benefit  plan  was  wholly  attributable  to  relevant  entities  in  the  discontinued  operations which  were  disposed  of  by  the  Group  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2018,  as  further  detailed  in  the Company's circular dated 29 June 2018 and announcement dated 14 August 2018. Accordingly, the Group did not have any defined benefit plan for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## 31 CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  has  not  entered  into  any  connected  transaction  or continuing connected transaction which should be disclosed pursuant to the requirements of Rule 14A.71 of the Listing Rules.

## 32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

None of the related party transactions as set out in note 28 to the financial statements in the annual report falls under the definition of 'connected transactions' or 'continuing connected transactions' as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (except for the loan from the immediate holding company which is fully exempted from the  connected  transaction  requirement  under  Rules  14A.90  of  the  Listing  Rules  and  the  consultancy  service expenses  to  a  fellow  subsidiary  which  is  fully  exempted  from  the  connected  transaction  requirement  under Rules  14A.76  of  the  Listing  Rules).  The  connected  and  continuing  connected  transactions  of  the  Group  are  in compliance with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

## 33 AUDITOR

An ordinary resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to re-appoint Ernst  &amp;  Young  as  the  auditor  of  the  Company.  The  auditor,  Ernst  &amp;  Young,  has  expressed  their  willingness  to accept the re-appointment.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## 34 TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The  Directors  are  not  aware  of  any  tax  relief  and  exemption  available  to  the  shareholders  by  reason  of  their holding of the Company's securities.

ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD

Hu Xiangwei Chairman 24 March 2023

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young 27/F, One Taikoo Place 979 King's Road Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

香港鰂魚涌英皇道 979 號 太古坊一座 27 樓

## To the shareholders of Yunnan Energy International Co. Limited

(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

## Opinion

We have audited  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Yunnan  Energy  International  Co.  Limited  (the  'Company') and its subsidiaries (the 'Group') set out on pages 50 to 99, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRSs') issued by the International Accounting  Standards  Board  (the  'IASB')  and  have  been  properly  prepared  in  compliance  with  the  disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by Hong Kong Institute of  Certified  Public  Accountants  (the  'HKICPA').  Our  responsibilities  under  those  standards  are  further  described in  the Auditor's  responsibilities  for  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements section  of  our  report.  We  are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the  'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements.  The  results  of  our  audit  procedures,  including  the  procedures  performed  to  address  the  matters  below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

<!-- image -->

Tel : +852 2846 9888 Fax : +852 2868 4432 ey.com

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young

27/F, One Taikoo Place

979 King's Road

Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

Key audit matters - continued

## Key audit matter

Tel

Fax ey.com

香港鰂魚涌英皇道

太古坊一座

27

樓

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

## Provision for expected credit losses of trade receivables and other receivables

At  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  trade  receivables and other receivables with an aggregate carrying amount of  approximately  HK$96.4  million  which  represented 43.4%  of  the  Group's  total  assets  as  at  that  date.  The provision  for  expected  credit  losses  ('ECL')  of  these assets  as  at  31  December  2022  amounted  to  HK$12.5 million in aggregate.

Management  has  engaged  an  independent  specialist  to assist in the calculation of the ECL. The Group considers the  available  information  which  includes  information about  past  events,  current  conditions  and  forecasts  of future economic conditions to estimate the ECL.

Significant  management's  judgements  and  estimates were  involved  in  the  impairment  assessment  of  these trade receivables and other receivables.

Related  disclosures  are  included  in  notes  2.4,  3,  8,  17 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements.

In  relation  to  the  impairment  assessment  of  trade receivables  and  other  receivables,  we  obtained  an understanding  of  the  Group's  credit  risk  management and  practices,  and  assessed  the  Group's  policy  on determining ECL, including an evaluation of management j udgements  on,  amongst  others,  (i)  the  level  of disaggregation of categories for assessment; and (ii) the criteria  for  determining if a significant increase in credit risk has occurred.

We obtained and reviewed the ECL calculation prepared by  management  which  is  based  on  the  relevant  credit risk of the debtors and, with the aid of the management specialist,  adjusted  for  forward-looking  factors  specific to  the  debtors  and  the  economic  environment.  We  also circulated  and  obtained  direct  debtors'  confirmations; and  checked  the  settlement  status  subsequent  to  the reporting period.

We  assessed  the  competence,  objectivity  and independence of the Group's external specialist.

We  involved  our  internal  specialists  to  assist  us  to evaluate the Group's estimation methodology of ECL and check the parameters to external available data sources.

We considered the adequacy of the Group's disclosures of  the  impairment  of  trade  receivables  and  other receivables in the consolidated financial statements.

979

號

: +852 2846 9888

: +852 2868 4432

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young

27/F, One Taikoo Place

979 King's Road

Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

## Other information included in the Annual Report

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  other  information.  The  other  information  comprises  the information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information  is  materially  inconsistent  with  the  consolidated  financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  that  give a  true  and  fair  view  in  accordance  with  IFRSs  issued  by  the  IASB  and  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  assessing  the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

香港鰂魚涌英皇道

太古坊一座

27

樓

979

號

Tel

Fax ey.com

<!-- image -->

: +852 2846 9888

: +852 2868 4432

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young

27/F, One Taikoo Place

979 King's Road

Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

## Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion.  Our  report  is  made  solely  to  you,  as  a  body,  in  accordance  with  section  90  of  the  Bermuda  Companies  Act 1981, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting  from  fraud  is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as  fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit  procedures  that  are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting  estimates  and related disclosures made by the directors.
- conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists,  we  are  required  to  draw  attention  in  our  auditor's  report  to  the  related  disclosures  in  the  consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the  audit  evidence  obtained  up  to  the  date  of  our  auditor's  report.  However,  future  events  or  conditions  may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

香港鰂魚涌英皇道

太古坊一座

27

樓

979

號

Tel

Fax ey.com

: +852 2846 9888

: +852 2868 4432

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young

27/F, One Taikoo Place

979 King's Road

Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

## Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements - continued

- evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or  business activities  within  the  Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for  the  direction,  supervision  and  performance  of  the  group  audit.  We  remain  solely  responsible  for  our  audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We  also  provide  the  Audit  Committee  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical  requirements regarding  independence  and  to  communicate  with  them  all  relationships  and  other  matters  that  may  reasonably  be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is CHENG Man.

Ernst &amp; Young Certified Public Accountants Hong Kong 24 March 2023

香港鰂魚涌英皇道

太古坊一座

27

樓

979

號

Tel

Fax ey.com

<!-- image -->

: +852 2846 9888

: +852 2868 4432

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  REVENUE  5  288,089  84,106  Cost of sales  (274,524)  (80,994)  Gross profit  13,565  3,112  Other income and gains, net  6  3,548  435  Gain on deregistration of a subsidiary  26  -  2,107  Selling and distribution expenses  (5,470)  (2,043)  Administrative expenses  (12,705)  (12,462)  Reversal of impairment losses/(impairment losses) of financial assets, net  8  (5,305)  4,590  Other expenses, net  (145)  (21,226)  Finance costs  7  (2,365)  (1,353)  LOSS BEFORE TAX  8  (8,877)  (26,840)  Income tax  11  -  (112)  LOSS FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO  SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY  (8,877)  (26,952)  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  Other comprehensive loss that may be reclassified to profit or loss in  subsequent periods:  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  (7,765)  (928)  Release of exchange fluctuation reserve upon deregistration of  a subsidiary  -  (586)  (7,765)  (1,514)  TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR  ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY  (16,642)  (28,466)  LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO  SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY  Basic and diluted  12  (HK3.2 cents)  (HK9.8 cents)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

31 December 2022

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Property, plant and equipment  13  126  742  Right-of-use assets  14(a)  -  936  Total non-current assets  126  1,678  CURRENT ASSETS  Inventories  16  23,472  6,400  Trade receivables  17  44,555  64,105  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables  18  110,602  92,824  Cash and bank balances  19  43,090  103,122  Total current assets  221,719  266,451  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Trade payables  20  5,767  1,993  Other payables and accruals  21  15,102  3,481  Due to a related party  21(c)  177  -  Loan from an intermediate holding company  22  29,416  -  Loans from fellow subsidiaries  23  -  73,593  Lease liabilities  14(b)  -  274  Total current liabilities  50,462  79,341  NET CURRENT ASSETS  171,257  187,110  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES  171,383  188,788  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Lease liabilities  14(b)  -  763  Net assets  171,383  188,025  EQUITY  Issued capital  24  107,420  107,420  Reserves  25(a)  63,963  80,605  Total equity  171,383  188,025   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| HU XIANGWEI DIRECTOR  WANG XIANJUN DIRECTOR   |
|-----------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Attributable to shareholders of the Company  Issued  capital  Share  premium  account  Contributed  surplus  Capital  and other  reserves  Investment  revaluation  reserve  Exchange  fluctuation  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  equity  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (note 25(b))  At 1 January 2021  107,420  143,392  3,071  112  (816)  1,236  (37,924)  216,491  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  (26,952)  (26,952)  Other comprehensive loss for the year:  Exchange differences on translation of foreign  operations  -  -  -  -  -  (928)  -  (928)  Release of exchange fluctuation reserve upon  deregistration of a subsidiary  -  -  -  -  -  (586)  -  (586)  Total comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  (1,514)  (26,952)  (28,466)  Reclassification adjustment for investment revaluation  reserve upon the disposal of equity investment at  fair value through other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  816  -  (816)  -  Release of capital and other reserves upon  deregistration of a subsidiary  -  -  -  (112)  -  -  112  -  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  107,420  143,392*  3,071*  -*  -*  (278)*  (65,580)*  188,025  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  (8,877)  (8,877)  Other comprehensive loss for the year:  Exchange differences on translation of foreign  operations  -  -  -  -  -  (7,765)  -  (7,765)  Total comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  (7,765)  (8,877)  (16,642)  At 31 December 2022  107,420  143,392*  3,071*  -*  -*  (8,043)*  (74,457)*  171,383   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These  reserve  accounts  comprise  the  consolidated  reserves  of  HK$63,963,000  (2021:  HK$80,605,000)  in  the  consolidated  statement  of financial position as at 31 December 2022.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Loss before tax  (8,877)  (26,840)  Adjustments for:  Interest income  6  (346)  (289)  Finance costs  7  2,365  1,353  Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment  8  105  608  Impairment losses/(reversal of impairment losses) of financial assets, net  8  5,305  (4,590)  Impairment losses of property, plant and equipment  8  -  273  Impairment losses of computer software  8  -  772  Write-off of inventories  8  -  11,537  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  13  488  641  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  14(a)  201  402  Amortisation of computer software  15  -  772  Gain on deregistration of a subsidiary  26  -  (2,107)  Gain on termination of a lease  6  (104)  -  (863)  (17,468)  Decrease/(increase) in inventories  (15,815)  3,037  Decrease/(increase) in trade receivables  22,382  (24,002)  Increase in prepayments, deposits and other receivables  (28,481)  (17,353)  Increase/(decrease) in trade payables  3,614  (4,011)  Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals  11,396  (6,797)  Increase in amount due to a related party  177  -  Cash used in operations  (7,590)  (66,594)  PRC corporate income tax paid  -  (112)  Net cash flows used in operating activities  (7,590)  (66,706)  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Interest received  346  289  Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment  (16)  (727)  Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment  -  394  Proceed from disposal  of  an  equity  investment  at  fair  value  through  other  comprehensive income  -  2,388  Net cash flows from investing activities  330  2,344  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  New loan from an intermediate holding company  27(b)  61,563  -  Repayment of loan from an intermediate holding company  27(b)  (29,124)  -  New loans from fellow subsidiaries  27(b)  -  84,337  Repayment of loans from fellow subsidiaries  27(b)  (70,160)  (36,145)  Principal portion of lease payments  27(b)  (194)  (373)  Interest portion of lease payments  27(b)  (31)  (61)  Other interest paid  27(b)  (2,334)  (1,124)  Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities  (40,280)  46,634  NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (47,540)  (17,728)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  103,122  115,736  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net  (12,492)  5,114  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR  43,090  103,122  ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  Cash and bank balances  43,090  103,122   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

Yunnan Energy International Co. Limited (the 'Company') is incorporated in Bermuda as an exempted company with limited liability. The Company's shares have a primary listing on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ('SEHK') and a secondary listing on the Main Board of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST').

During  the  year,  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively,  the  'Group')  were  involved  in  the  following principal activities:

- Distribution of branded analytical and laboratory instruments and life science equipment (the 'Distribution Business')
- Supply chain business on the trading of diversified industrial and consumer products (the 'Supply Chain Business')

The  immediate  holding  company  of  the  Company  is  Baodi  International  Investment  Company  Ltd.,  which  is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited liability, and in the opinion of the directors, the ultimate holding company of the Company is Yunnan Provincial Energy Investment Group Co., Ltd, which is a state-owned enterprise  established  in  the  People's  Republic  of  China  (the  'PRC')  and  is  wholly  owned  by  The  State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the Yunnan Provincial People's Government of the PRC.

## Information about principal subsidiaries

Particulars  of  the  Company's  principal  subsidiaries,  which  are  all  indirectly  held  by  the  Company,  as  at  31 December 2022 are as follows:

| Company name  Place of  incorporation/  registration  and business  Issued  ordinary share  capital or paid-up  capital/  registered capital  Percentage  of equity  attributable  to the Company  Principal  activities  Yunnan International  (Macao) Limited  (Previously named  'Techcomp (Macao  Commercial Offshore)  Limited')  Macau  MOP10,000,000  100  Trading of analytical and  laboratory instruments  and life science  equipment  Techcomp (China)  Limited #  PRC/  Mainland China  US$10,000,000  100  Trading of analytical and  laboratory instruments  and life science  equipment  雲南能投國際供應鏈  有限公司  (Previously  named '  深圳雲能國際  供應鏈有限公司  ')* #  PRC/  Mainland China  US$10,000,000/  US$100,000,000  100  Trading of diversified  industrial and  consumer products   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# The subsidiaries are registered as wholly-foreign-owned enterprises under PRC law.

* At 31 December 2022, the Group has injected US$10,000,000 to this subsidiary as part of its capital contribution. The outstanding capital contribution of US$90,000,000 to the subsidiary is due on or before 31 December 2024 in accordance with the subsidiary's articles of association.

## 1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION - continued

## Information about principal subsidiaries - continued

The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group as at 31 December 2022. To  give  details  of  other  subsidiaries  would,  in  the  opinion  of  the  directors,  result  in  particulars  of  excessive length.

## 2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRSs')  (which  include  all  International  Financial  Reporting  Standards,  International  Accounting  Standards ('IASs')  and  Interpretations)  issued  by  the  International  Accounting  Standards  Board  (the  'IASB'),  accounting principles  generally  accepted  in  Hong  Kong  and  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention.

These financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (HK$) and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand (HK$'000) except when otherwise indicated.

## Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2022. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled  by  the  Company.  Control  is  achieved  when  the  Group  is  exposed,  or  has  rights,  to  variable  returns from  its  involvement  with  the  investee  and  has  the  ability  to  affect  those  returns  through  its  power  over  the investee  (i.e.,  existing  rights  that  give  the  Group  the  current  ability  to  direct  the  relevant  activities  of  the investee).

Generally,  there  is  a  presumption  that  a  majority  of  voting  rights  results  in  control.  When  the  Company  has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

- (a) the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;
- (b) rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- (c) the Group's voting rights and potential voting rights.

The  financial  statements  of  the  subsidiaries  are  prepared  for  the  same  reporting  period  as  the  Company.  The results  of  subsidiaries  are  consolidated  from  the  date  on  which  the  Group  obtains  control,  and  continue  to  be consolidated  until  the  date  that  such  control  ceases.  Adjustments  are  made  to  bring  into  line  any  dissimilar accounting policies that may exist.

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION - continued

## Basis of consolidation - continued

Profit  or  loss  and  each  component  of  other  comprehensive  income  are  attributed  to  the  shareholders  of  the Company and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.  All  intra-group  assets  and  liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses  and  cash  flows  relating  to  transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises (i) the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii) the cumulative translation differences recorded  in  equity;  and  recognises  (i)  the  fair  value  of  the  consideration  received,  (ii)  the  fair  value  of  any investment retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group's share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or accumulated losses, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

## 2.2 CHANGING IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

The Group has adopted the following revised IFRSs for the first time for the current year's financial statements:

Amendments to IFRS 3

Reference to the Conceptual Framework

Amendments to IAS 16

Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract

Amendments to IAS 37

Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020

Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, Illustrative Examples accompanying IFRS 16, and IAS 41

None of the above revised IFRSs has had a significant financial effect on the Group's financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## 2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARD

The Group has not applied the following new and revised IFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in these financial statements:

Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28

Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 3

Amendments to IFRS 16

Lease liability in a Sale and Leaseback 2

IFRS 17

Insurance Contracts 1

Amendments to IFRS 17

Insurance Contracts 1, 5

Amendment to IFRS 17

Initial Application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 - Comparative Information 6

Amendments to IAS 1

Classification of liabilities as Current or Non- current (the '2020 Amendments') 2,4

Amendments to IAS 1

Non-current liabilities with Covenants (the '2022 Amendments') 2 Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1

Amendments to IAS 1 and

IFRS Practice Statement 2

Amendments to IAS 8

Definition of Accounting Estimates 1

Amendments to IAS 12

Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 1

- 1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
- 2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
- 3 No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
- 4 As a consequence of the 2022 Amendments, the effective date of the 2020 Amendments was deferred to annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.
- 5 As  a  consequence of  the  amendments to IFRS 17 issued in 25 June 2020, IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts was  amended to extend the temporary exemption that permits insurers to apply IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement rather than IFRS 9 for annual periods beginning before 1 January 2023
- 6 An entity that chooses to apply the transition option relating to the classification overlay set out in this amendment shall apply it on initial application of IFRS 17

Further information about those IFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below:

- (a) Amendments to  IAS  1 Classification  of  Liabilities  as  Current  or  Non-current clarify  the  requirements  for classifying liabilities as current or non-current, in particular the determination over whether an entity has a right to defer settlement of the liabilities for at least 12 months after the reporting period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of the liability. The amendments also clarify the situations that are considered a settlement of a liability. In 2022, the IASB issued the 2022 Amendments to further clarify that, among covenants of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the  classification  of  that  liability  as  current  or  non-current.  In  addition,  the  2022  Amendments  require additional disclosures by an entity that classifies liabilities arising from loan arrangements as non-current when it has a right  to  defer  settlement  of  those  liabilities  that  are  subject  to  the  entity  complying  with future covenants within 12 months after the reporting period. The amendments are effective for annual periods  beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2024  and  shall  be  applied  retrospectively.  Earlier  application  is permitted. An entity that applies the 2020 Amendments early is required to apply simultaneously the 2022 Amendments, and vice versa. The Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments and whether existing loan agreements my require revision. Based on a preliminary assessment, the amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS - continued

- (b) Amendments  to  IAS  1 Disclosure  of  Accounting  Policies require  entities  to  disclose  their  material accounting  policy  information  rather  than  their  significant  accounting  policies.  Accounting  policy information  is  material  if,  when  considered  together  with  other  information  included  in  an  entity's financial  statements,  it  can  reasonably  be  expected  to  influence  decisions  that  the  primary  users  of general  purpose  financial  statements  make  on  the  basis  of  those  financial  statements.  Amendments  to IFRS Practice Statement 2 provide non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures. Amendments to IAS 1 are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1  January  2023  and  earlier  application  is  permitted.  Since  the  guidance  provided  in  the  amendments  to IFRS Practice Statement 2 is non-mandatory, an effective date for these amendments is not necessary. The Group is currently revisiting the accounting policy disclosures to ensure consistency with the amendments.
- (c) Amendments  to  IAS  8  clarify  the  distinction  between  changes  in  accounting  estimates  and  changes  in accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that are  subject  to  measurement  uncertainty.  The  amendments  also  clarify  how  entities  use  measurement techniques  and  inputs  to  develop  accounting  estimates.  The  amendments  are  effective  for  annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and apply to changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates that occur on or after the start of that period. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.
- (d) Amendments to IAS 12 narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception in IAS 12 Income Taxes so that it  no  longer applies to transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, such as leases and decommissioning obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognise a deferred tax  asset  (provided  that  sufficient  taxable  profit  is  available)  and  a  deferred  tax  liability  for  temporary differences  arising  from  these  transactions.  The  amendments  are  effective  for  annual  periods  beginning on  or  after  1  January  2023  and  shall  be  applied  to  transactions  related  to  leases  and  decommissioning obligations  at  the  beginning  of  the  earliest  comparative  period  presented,  with  any  cumulative  effect recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of accumulated losses or other component of equity as  appropriate  at  that  date.  In  addition,  the  amendments  shall  be  applied  prospectively  to  transactions other than leases and decommissioning obligations. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Related parties

A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

- (a) the party is a person or a close member of that person's family and that person
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a holding company of the Group;

or

- (b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) the entity and the Group are members of the same group;
- (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a holding company, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);
- (iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;
- (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group;
- (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
- (vii) a  person  identified  in  (a)(i)  has  significant  influence  over  the  entity  or  is  a  member  of  the  key management personnel of the entity (or of a holding company of the entity); and
- (viii) the  entity,  or  any  member  of  a  group  of  which  it  is  a  part,  provides  key  management  personnel services to the Group or to a holding company of the Group.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated  depreciation  and  any  impairment  losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs  of  bringing  the  asset  to  its  working  condition  and  location  for  its  intended  use.  Expenditure  incurred after  items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  have  been  put  into  operation,  such  as  repairs  and  maintenance, is  normally  charged  to  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which  it  is  incurred.  In  situations  where  the  recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.

Depreciation  is  calculated  on  the  straight-line  basis  to  write  off  the  cost  of  each  item  of  property,  plant  and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

| Leasehold improvements  29%  Machinery and equipment  9% to 20%  Furniture and fixtures  18% to 20%  Motor vehicles  18% to 20%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Where parts  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  have  different  useful  lives,  the  cost  of  that  item  is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the period the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

## Leases - Group as a lessee

The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of  low-value  assets.  The  Group  recognises  lease  liabilities  to  make  lease  payments  and  right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Leases - Group as a lessee - continued

## (a) Right-of-use assets

Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any  impairment losses,  and  adjusted  for  any  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities.  The  cost  of  right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets of office premises are depreciated on the straight-line basis over the depreciation periods of 2 to 5 years, which are the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets.

If  ownership  of  the  leased  asset  is  transferred  to  the  Group  by  the  end  of  the  lease  term  or  the  cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

The Group elected to present the right-of-use assets separately on the face of the consolidated statement of financial position.

## (b) Lease liabilities

Lease  liabilities  are  recognised  at  the  commencement  date  of  the  lease  at  the  present  value  of  lease payments  to  be  made  over  the  lease  term.  The  lease  payments  include  fixed  payments  (including  insubstance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also  include  the  exercise  price  of  a  purchase  option  reasonably  certain  to  be  exercised  by  the  Group and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the interest rate implicit in the lease or, where that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the  accretion  of  interest  and  reduced  for  the  lease  payments  made.  In  addition,  the  carrying  amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

The Group elected to present the lease liabilities separately on the face of the consolidated statement of financial position.

## (c) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of office premises (that  is  those  leases  that  have  a  lease  term  of  12  months  or  less  from  the  commencement  date  and  do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the recognition exemption for leases of low-value assets to leases of office equipment that is considered to be of low value.

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Intangible assets

Intangible  assets  acquired  separately  are  measured  on  initial  recognition  at  cost.  The  useful  lives  of  intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.

## Computer software

Purchased computer software is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of 5 years.

## Impairment of non-financial assets

Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other than inventories,  financial  assets  and  deferred  tax  assets),  the  asset's  recoverable  amount  is  estimated.  An  asset's recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  the  asset's  or  cash-generating  unit's  value  in  use  and  its  fair  value  less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is  determined  for  the  cash-generating  unit  to  which  the  asset  belongs.  In  testing  a  cash-generating  unit  for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.

An  impairment  loss  is  recognised  only  if  the  carrying  amount  of  an  asset  exceeds  its  recoverable  amount.  In assessing  value  in  use,  the  estimated  future  cash  flows  are  discounted  to  their  present  value  using  a  pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously recognised  impairment  losses  may  no  longer  exist  or  may  have  decreased.  If  such  an  indication  exists,  the recoverable  amount  is  estimated.  A  previously  recognised  impairment  loss  of  an  asset  other  than  goodwill  is reversed  only  if  there  has  been  a  change  in  the  estimates  used  to  determine  the  recoverable  amount  of  that asset,  but  not  to  an  amount  higher  than  the  carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  determined  (net  of  any depreciation/amortisation)  had  no  impairment  loss  been  recognised  for  the  asset  in  prior  years.  A  reversal  of such an impairment loss is credited to profit or loss in the period in which it arises.

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Financial assets

Initial recognition and measurement

Financial assets are all classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost.

The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset's contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group's business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which  the  Group  has  applied  the  practical  expedient  are  measured  at  the  transaction  price  determined  under IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers in accordance with the policies set out for 'Revenue recognition' below.

In order for a financial asset (debt instrument) to be classified and measured at amortised cost, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest ('SPPI') on the principal amount outstanding. Financial  assets  (debt  instruments)  with  cash  flows  that  are  not  SPPI  are  classified  and  measured  at  fair  value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

The Group's business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash  flows,  selling  the  financial  assets,  or  both.  Finance  assets  (debt  instruments)  classified  and  measured  at amortised  cost  are  held  within  a  business  model  with  objective  to  hold  financial  assets  (debt  instruments)  in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets (debt instruments) classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to  collect  contractual  cash  flows  and  selling.  Financial  assets  (debt  instruments)  which  are  not  held  within  the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Financial assets - continued

## Subsequent measurement

Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject to  impairment.  Gains  and  losses  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  when  the  asset  is  derecognised,  modified  or impaired.

## Impairment

The  Group  recognises  an  allowance  for  expected  credit  losses  ('ECLs')  for  all  debt  instruments  not  held  at fair  value  through  profit  or  loss.  ECLs  are  based  on  the  difference  between  the  contractual  cash  flows  due in  accordance  with  the  contract  and  all  the  cash  flows  that  the  Group  expects  to  receive,  discounted  at  an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

## (a) General approach

ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition,  ECLs  are  provided  for  credit  losses  that  result  from  default  events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly  since  initial  recognition.  When  making  the  assessment,  the  Group  compares  the  risk  of  a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information  that  is  available  without  undue  cost  or  effort,  including  historical  and  forward-looking information.

The  Group  considers  a  financial  asset  in  default  when  contractual  payments  are  90  days  past  due. However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Financial assets - continued

Impairment - continued

## (a) General approach - continued

Financial  assets  at  amortised  cost  are  subject  to  impairment  under  the  general  approach  and  they  are classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

- Stage 1 - Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs
- Stage 2 - Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
- Stage 3 - Financial  assets  that  are  credit-impaired  at  the  reporting  date  (but  that  are  not  purchased  or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
- (b) Simplified approach

For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision policy that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

## Derecognition

A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group's consolidated statement of financial position) when:

- the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
- the  Group  has  transferred  its  rights  to  receive  cash  flows  from  the  asset  or  has  assumed  an  obligation to  pay  the  received  cash  flows  in  full  without  material  delay  to  a  third  party  under  a  'pass-through' arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Financial assets - continued

## Derecognition - continued

When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control  of  the  asset,  the  Group  continues  to  recognise  the  transferred  asset  to  the  extent  of  the  Group's continuing  involvement.  In  that  case,  the  Group  also  recognises  an  associated  liability.  The  transferred  asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

## Financial liabilities

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial  liabilities  are  all  classified,  at  initial  recognition,  as  financial  liabilities  at  amortised  cost,  which  are recognised initially at fair value and net of directly attributable transaction costs.

## Subsequent measurement

After initial recognition, financial liabilities at amortised cost are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs in profit or loss.

## Derecognition

A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or  the  terms  of  an  existing  liability  are  substantially  modified,  such  an  exchange  or  modification  is  treated  as a  derecognition  of  the  original  liability  and  a  recognition  of  a  new  liability,  and  the  difference  between  the respective carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

## Inventories

Inventories  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.  Cost  is  determined  on  the  first-in,  firstout  basis.  Net  realisable  value  is  based  on  estimated  selling  prices  less  any  estimated  costs  to  be  incurred  to completion and disposal.

## Cash and cash equivalents

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group's cash management.

## Provisions

A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event and  it  is  probable  that  a  future  outflow  of  resources  will  be  required  to  settle  the  obligation,  provided  that  a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in profit or loss.

## Government grants

Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grants will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with.

Where a grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed. Where a grant relates to an asset, the fair value is  credited  to  a  deferred  income  account  and  is  released  to  profit  or  loss  over  the  expected  useful  life  of  the relevant asset by equal annual instalments or is deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to profit or loss by way of a reduced depreciation charge.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Income tax

Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

Current  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  measured  at  the  amount  expected  to  be  recovered  from  or  paid  to  the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

Deferred  tax  is  provided,  using  the  liability  method,  on  all  temporary  differences  at  the  end  of  the  reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

- when the deferred tax liability  arises  from  the  initial  recognition  of  goodwill  or  an  asset  or  liability  in  a transaction  that  is  not  a  business  combination  and,  at  the  time  of  the  transaction,  affects  neither  the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in  respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, when the timing of  the  reversal  of  the  temporary  differences  can  be  controlled  and  it  is  probable  that  the  temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

- when  the  deferred  tax  asset  relating  to  the  deductible  temporary  differences  arises  from  the  initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in  respect  of  deductible  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in  subsidiaries,  deferred  tax assets are only recognises to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be recognised.

The  carrying  amount  of  deferred  tax  assets  is  reviewed  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  and  reduced  to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Income tax - continued

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the  asset  is  realised  or  the  liability  is  settled,  based  on  tax  rates  (and  tax  laws)  that  have  been  enacted  or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities  simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

## Revenue recognition

## Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue  from  contracts  with  customers  is  recognised  when  control  of  goods  or  services  is  transferred  to  the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the asset.

Incidental  to  the  sale  of  analytical  and  laboratory  instruments  and  life  science  equipment,  the  Group  also provides installation services in accordance with the terms of the contracts with customers. These services, which are  not  separately  provided  by  the  Group  and  are  bundled  together  with  the  sale  of  analytical  and  laboratory instruments and life science equipment to a customer, are not identified as separate performance obligations as, in the opinion of the directors, they are not significant in the context of the contract as a whole.

## Interest income

Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly  discounts  the  estimated  future  cash  receipts  over  the  expected  life  of  the  financial  instrument  or  a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Contract liabilities

A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when  the  Group  performs  under  the  contract  (i.e.,  transfers  control  of  the  related  goods  or  services  to  the customer).

## Employee benefits

## Defined contribution schemes

The  Group  operates  a  defined  contribution  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  retirement  benefit  scheme  under  the Mandatory  Provident  Fund  Schemes  Ordinance  of  Hong  Kong  and  other  defined  contribution  schemes  in other  jurisdictions  in  which  the  Group  has  operations  for  eligible  employees.  Contributions  are  made  based on  a  percentage  of  the  employees'  basic  salaries  and  are  charged  to  profit  or  loss  as  they  become  payable in  accordance  with  the  rules  of  these  defined  contribution  schemes.  The  assets  of  these  schemes  are  held separately  from  those  of  the  Group  in  independently  administered  funds.  The  Group's  employer  contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into these schemes.

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing  costs  consist  of  interest  and  other  costs  that  an  entity  incurs  in  connection  with  the  borrowing  of funds. All borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

## Foreign currencies

These financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollar, which is different from the Company's functional currency  of  the  United  States  dollar,  because  the  directors  of  the  Company  considered  that  HK$  enables shareholders and potential investors of the Company to have a more accurate picture of the Group by aligning the Group's financial performance with its share price. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency  and  items  included  in  the  financial  statements  of  each  entity  are  measured  using  that  functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective  functional  currency  rates  prevailing  at  the  dates  of  the  transactions.  Monetary  assets  and  liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss.

Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising  on  translation  of  a  non-monetary  item  measured  at  fair  value  is  treated  in  line  with  the  recognition  of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Foreign currencies - continued

In  determining  the  exchange  rate  on  initial  recognition  of  the  related  asset,  expense  or  income  on  the derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

The functional currencies of certain subsidiaries are currencies other than Hong Kong dollar. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into Hong Kong  dollars  at  the  exchange  rates  that  approximate  to  those  prevailing  at  the  dates  of  the  transactions.  The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.

For  the  purpose  of  the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows,  the  cash  flows  of  those  subsidiaries  whose functional currency is not Hong Kong dollar are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows of these subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

The  preparation  of  the  Group's  financial  statements  requires  management  to  make  judgements,  estimates and  assumptions  that  affect  the  reported  amounts  of  revenues,  expenses,  assets  and  liabilities,  and  their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates  could  result  in  outcomes  that  could  require  a  material  adjustment  to  the  carrying  amounts  of  the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

The  major  judgements,  estimates  and  assumptions  that  have  the  most  significant  effect  on  the  amounts recognised in the financial statements are set out below:

## (a) Provision for expected credit losses of trade receivables

The  Group  categories  its  trade  customers  into  different  categories  based  on  credit  risk  and  calculates ECL  for  trade  receivables  by  applying  ECL  rates  to  different  ageing  groups  of  each  category  of  trade receivables. The ECL rate of each ageing group is determined by the Group based on the average of history credit loss experience on each ageing group in the past years and, where material, adjusted for forwardlooking  factors  specific  to  the  debtors  and  the  economic  environment.  External  customers  with  credit deterioration will be assessed on an individual basis for the provision of ECLs.

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES - continued

## (a) Provision for expected credit losses of trade receivables - continued

The  Group's  historical  credit  loss  experience  and  forecast  of  economic  conditions  may  not  be representative  of  a  customer's  actual  default  in  the  future  and  significant  management  estimates  are required in the estimates. When the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the original estimates, such differences will impact on the carrying amounts of trade receivables and the amount of ECLs  provided  or  reversed  in  the  periods  in  which  such  estimates  have  been  changed.  The  information about the ECLs on the Group's trade receivables is disclosed in note 17 to the financial statements.

## (b) Provision for expected credit losses of other receivables

The  policy  for  provision  for  expected  credit  losses  of  other  receivables  is  based  on  an  ECL  model. Significant judgements and estimation are required in assessing the available information which includes information  about  past  events,  current  conditions  and  forecasts  of  future  economic  conditions.  The carrying amounts of other receivables carried as assets in the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022 were HK$54,089,000 (2021: HK$64,963,000), further details of which are set out in note 18 to the financial statements.

## (c) Revenue from contracts with customers-principal versus agent consideration

The  Group  applies  judgements  in  regard  to  whether  the  Group  controls  the  promised  goods  before transferring them to the customers and determine its role as a principal for trading of diversified industrial and consumer products. In this regard, when the Group satisfies the performance obligation, the Group recognises trading revenue in the gross amount of consideration for the trading transactions.

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on the nature of their products and services and has two reportable operating segments as follows:

- (a) the  Distribution  Business  segment,  which  is  engaged  in  the  provision  of  distribution  and  after-sales services for different analytical instruments, life science and general laboratory instruments; and
- (b) the Supply Chain Business segment, which is engaged in the trading of diversified industrial and consumer products.

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued

The chief operating decision maker of the Group ('CODM', identified as the executive directors of the Company and  certain  senior  management)  monitors  the  results  of  the  Group's  operating  segments  separately  for  the purpose  of  making  decisions  about  resource  allocation  and  performance  assessment.  Segment  performance  is evaluated based on reportable segment profit/loss, which is a measure of adjusted loss before tax. The adjusted loss  before  tax  is  measured  consistently  with  the  Group's  loss  before  tax  except  that  interest  income,  nonlease-related  finance  costs,  depreciation  and  amortisation,  as  well  as  head  office  and  corporate  administrative expenses are excluded from such measurement.

## Segment revenue and results

| Distribution Business  Supply Chain Business  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Segment revenue  7,860  12,518  280,229  71,588  288,089  84,106  Segment results  1,214  (14,981)  (4,326)  (7,785)  (3,112)  (22,766)  Interest income  346  289  Non-lease related interest  expenses  (2,334)  (1,292)  Depreciation and amortisation  (689)  (1,815)  Corporate administrative  expenses  (3,088)  (1,256)  Loss before tax  (8,877)  (26,840)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Segment assets and liabilities

Segment assets and liabilities information is not disclosed as it is not regularly reviewed by the CODM.

## Geographical information

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue from external customers:  PRC (including Hong Kong and Macau)  130,027  49,204  Asia (other than the PRC)  101,303  33,651  Other areas  56,759  1,251  288,089  84,106   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above revenue information is based on the locations of the customers.

No geographical information about the Group's non-current assets is presented as more than 90% of the Group's non-current assets as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 were located in the PRC (including Hong Kong and Macau).

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued

## Information about major customers

The revenue generated from sales to each of the customers which individually contributed more than 10% of the Group's total revenue during the year is set out below:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Customer A from the Supply Chain Business segment  45,555  36,686  Customer B from the Supply Chain Business segment  101,303  33,651  Customer C from the Supply Chain Business segment  31,468  N/A*  Customer D from the Distribution Business segment #  N/A*  10,571   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# Messrs. Lo Yat Keung and Chan Wai Shing, both being key management personnel of the Group and connected persons as defined under Chapter 14A of The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on SEHK (the 'Listing Rules') up to 30 September 2019, have beneficial interests in these customers.

* The corresponding revenue of these customers is not disclosed as they individually did not contribute 10% or more of the Group's total revenue for the relevant year.

## 5. REVENUE

The Group's revenue for each of the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 were sales of goods, which were revenue from contracts with customers.

Notes:

- (a) Disaggregated revenue information

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Distribution  Business  Supply Chain  Business  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Types of goods or services and timing of revenue recognition  Sales of goods, recognised at the point in time  7,860  280,229  288,089  Geographical markets  PRC (including Hong Kong and Macau)  7,860  122,167  130,027  Asia (other than the PRC)  -  101,303  101,303  Other areas  -  56,759  56,759  Total revenue from contracts with customers  7,860  280,229  288,089   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. REVENUE - continued

Notes: - continued

- (a) Disaggregated revenue information - continued

Year ended 31 December 2021

| Distribution  Business  Supply Chain  Business  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Types of goods or services and timing of revenue recognition  Sales of goods, recognised at the point in time  12,518  71,588  84,106  Geographical markets  PRC (including Hong Kong and Macau)  12,518  36,686  49,204  Asia (other than the PRC)  -  33,651  33,651  Oceania  -  1,251  1,251  Total revenue from contracts with customers  12,518  71,588  84,106   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(b) The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that were included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Sales of goods  -  6,561   |
|----------------------------------------------------------|

(c) No revenue recognised during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 related to performance obligations satisfied or partially satisfied in previous years.

(d) Performance obligations

The performance obligation for the sale of goods is satisfied upon delivery of the goods and payment is generally due within 60 to 150 days from delivery, except for new customers, where payment in advance is normally required.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 6. OTHER INCOME AND GAINS, NET

An analysis of the Group's other income and gains, net is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other income  Bank interest income  346  289  Remedy for late payment  544  66  Government subsidies  677  80  Tax refund  109  -  Others  40  -  1,716  435  Gains, net  Gain on termination of a lease  104  -  Foreign exchange gain, net  1,728  -  1,832  -  3,548  435   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. FINANCE COSTS

An analysis of the Group's finance costs is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest on a loan from an intermediate holding company  1,487  -  Interest on loans from fellow subsidiaries  847  1,292  Interest on lease liabilities  31  61  2,365  1,353   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. LOSS BEFORE TAX

The Group's loss before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost of inventories sold  274,524  80,865  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  13  488  641  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  14(a)  201  402  Amortisation of computer software*  15  -  772  Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities  14(c)  -  159  Auditor's remuneration  2,300  2,300  Employee benefit expense (excluding directors'  remuneration (note 9)):  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  5,469  4,969  Defined contribution scheme contributions @  117  730  5,586  5,699  Foreign exchange differences, net  (1,728)  (760)  Write-off of inventories**  -  11,537  Impairment losses of property, plant and equipment**  13  -  273  Impairment losses of computer software**  15  -  772  Impairment losses/(reversal of impairment losses)  of financial assets, net:  Write-off of trade receivables  -  609  Write-off of an other receivable  10,000  -  Trade receivables  17(c)  (4,209)  (5,673)  Other receivables  18(d)  (486)  474  5,305  (4,590)  Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment**  105  608  Charges for warehouse storage and logistic services ^  -  8,160   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The  amortisation  of  computer  software  for  the  year  is  included  in  'Administrative  expenses'  on  the  face  of  the  consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

** These  items  are  included  in  'Other  expenses,  net'  on  the  face  of  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other comprehensive income.

- ^ This item is included in 'Other expenses, net' on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,  except  for  an  amount  of  HK$129,000  which  is  included  in  'Cost  of  sales'.  The  expense  was  paid  to  a  company  in  which Messrs. Lo Yat Keung and Chan Wai Shing, both being key management personnel of the Group and connected persons as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules up to 30 September 2019, have beneficial interests.

@ There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 9. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

Directors' remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Fees  600  600  Other emoluments  -  -  600  600   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An analysis of the directors' remuneration, on a named basis, is as follows:

| Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Performance  related  bonuses  Defined  contribution  scheme  contributions  Total  remuneration  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Year ended 31 December 2022  Executive directors:  Mr. Yan Jiong***  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Jiang Wei  -  -  -  -  -  Ms. Zhao Na  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Hu Xiangwei  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Wang Xianjun^^  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Song Henan  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Independent non-executive directors:  Mr. Shi Fazhen  200  -  -  -  200  Mr. Liu Zongliu  200  -  -  -  200  Mr. Jing Pilin  200  -  -  -  200  600  -  -  -  600  600  -  -  -  600   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION - continued

| Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Performance  related  bonuses  Defined  contribution  scheme  contributions  Total  remuneration  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Year ended 31 December 2021  Executive directors:  Mr. Yan Jiong  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Zhang Jing**  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Jiang Wei  -  -  -  -  -  Ms. Zhao Na  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. He Junyu*  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Hu XiangWei^  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Song Henan^  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Independent non-executive directors:  Mr. Shi Fazhen  200  -  -  -  200  Mr. Liu Zongliu  200  -  -  -  200  Mr. Jing Pilin  200  -  -  -  200  600  -  -  -  600  600  -  -  -  600   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

^ Appointed as an executive director on 28 July 2021

^^ Appointed as an executive director on 20 July 2022

* Resigned as an executive director on 21 April 2021

** Resigned as an executive director on 28 July 2021

*** Resigned as an executive director on 20 July 2022

Notes:

(a) The  above  directors'  remuneration  disclosure  only  included  the  remuneration  of  the  directors  during  the  period  when  they  are directors of the Company.

(b) There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 10. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

The five highest paid employees during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are neither a director nor the chief executive of the Company. Details of the remuneration for the year of the five highest paid non-director employees are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  2,258  2,173  Performance related bonuses  294  141  Defined contribution scheme contributions  79  123  2,631  2,437   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  remuneration  of  each  of  the  five  highest  paid  non-director  employees  for  each  of  the  years  ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 fell within the band of Nil to HK$1,000,000.

## 11. INCOME TAX

An analysis of the Group's income tax is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current - PRC  Charge for the year  -  112   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) The  income  tax  expense  of  the  Group  is  calculated  at  the  respective  statutory  tax  rates  prevailing  in  the  relevant  jurisdictions  of operations.

No provision for Hong Kong profits tax and Macau income tax was made as the Group did not have any assessment profits arising from Hong Kong and Macau for both years.

Under the Law of the PRC on Corporate Income Tax (the 'PRC Corporate Income Tax Law') and the Implementation Regulation of the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, the income tax rate applicable to subsidiaries established in the PRC is 25% (2021: 25%).

- (b) A reconciliation of the tax credit applicable to loss before tax at the Hong Kong statutory tax rate to the tax expense at the Group's effective tax rate is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss before tax  (8,877)  (26,840)  Tax credit at the statutory tax rate of 16.5% (2021: 16.5%)  (1,465)  (4,429)  Higher tax rate enacted by local authority  104  (66)  Income not subject to tax  169  574  Tax losses utilised from previous periods  (104)  -  Tax losses not recognised  1,296  4,033  Tax expense at the effective tax rate of Nil (2021: -0.4%)  -  112   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11. INCOME TAX - continued

Notes: - continued

- (c) At 31 December 2022, deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of unused tax losses of approximately HK$35 million (2021: HK$29 million) as they have arisen in the Company and certain subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is  not probable that taxable profits will be available against which such tax losses can be utilised. Out of this amount, tax losses of HK$19.5 million (2021: HK$21 million) will expire in one to five years.

## 12. LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

The calculation of the basic loss per share amount is based on the loss for the year attributable to shareholders of the Company of HK$8,877,000 (2021: HK$26,952,000), and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 275,437,000 (2021: 275,437,000) in issue during the year.

No  adjustment  has  been  made  to  the  basic  loss  per  share  amount  presented  for  each  of  the  years  ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 for a dilution as the Group has no potential ordinary shares in issue during these years.

## 13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Leasehold  improvements  Machinery and  equipment  Furniture and  fixtures  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  31 December 2022  At 1 January 2022:  Cost  478  996  251  1,725  Accumulated depreciation and impairment  (22)  (957)  (4)  (983)  Net carrying amount  456  39  247  742  Net carrying amount:  At 1 January 2022  456  39  247  742  Additions  -  16  -  16  Depreciation provided during the year  (433)  (13)  (42)  (488)  Disposals  -  -  (105)  (105)  Exchange realignment  (23)  (4)  (12)  (39)  At 31 December 2022  -  38  88  126  At 31 December 2022:  Cost  438  836  114  1,388  Accumulated depreciation and impairment  (438)  (798)  (26)  (1,262)  Net carrying amount  -  38  88  126   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT - continued

| Leasehold  improvements  Machinery and  equipment  Furniture and  fixtures  Motor  vehicles  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  31 December 2021  At 1 January 2021:  Cost  -  2,792  21  792  3,605  Accumulated depreciation  -  (1,120)  (20)  (575)  (1,715)  Net carrying amount  -  1,672  1  217  1,890  Net carrying amount:  At 1 January 2021  -  1,672  1  217  1,890  Additions  471  9  247  -  727  Depreciation provided  during the year  (22)  (562)  (5)  (52)  (641)  Impairment provided  during the year (note)  -  (273)  -  -  (273)  Disposals  -  (855)  -  (176)  (1,031)  Exchange realignment  7  48  4  11  70  At 31 December 2021  456  39  247  -  742  At 31 December 2021:  Cost  478  996  251  -  1,725  Accumulated depreciation  and impairment  (22)  (957)  (4)  -  (983)  Net carrying amount  456  39  247  -  742   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Taking into consideration the operating performance of the Distribution Business segment, the management of the Group concluded in the year of 2021 that certain non-current assets of this segment would no longer be used in near future. Accordingly, impairment losses  of  HK$273,000  and  HK$772,000  in  total  had  been  recognised  against  the  property,  plant  and  equipment  and  computer software (intangible assets) of the Group, respectively, during the year ended 31 December 2021, on the basis that these assets have minimal resale value or are hardly sold in the market.

## 14. LEASES WHERE THE GROUP AS A LESSEE

The Group has lease arrangements as a lessee for office premises used in its operations. The leases have lease terms between 2 and 5 years. Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets outside the Group.

## (a) Right-of-use assets

The  carrying  amount  of  the  Group's  right-of-use  assets  and  the  movements  during  the  years  ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| Office premises  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January  936  1,307  Depreciation provided during the year  (201)  (402)  Termination of a lease  (690)  -  Exchange realignment  (45)  31  At 31 December  -  936   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Lease liabilities

The  carrying  amount  of  the  Group's  lease  liabilities  and  the  movements  during  the  years  ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January  1,037  1,377  Accretion of interest recognised during the year  31  61  Payments  (225)  (434)  Termination of a lease  (794)  -  Exchange realignment  (49)  33  At 31 December  -  1,037  Portion classified as current liabilities  -  (274)  Non-current portion  -  763   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 14. LEASES WHERE THE GROUP AS A LESSEE - continued

## (c) Other lease information

The amounts recognised in profit or loss for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 in relation to leases are as follows:

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Gain on termination of a lease  6  (104)  -  Interest on lease liabilities  7  31  61  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  8  201  402  Expense relating to short-term leases  (included in administrative expenses)  8  -  159  Total amount recognised in profit or loss  128  622   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15. COMPUTER SOFTWARE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January:  Cost  3,860  3,860  Accumulated amortisation  (3,860)  (2,316)  Net carrying amount  -  1,544  Net carrying amount:  At 1 January  -  1,544  Amortisation provided during the year  -  (772)  Impairment provided during the year (note 13)  -  (772)  At 31 December  -  -  At 31 December:  Cost  -  3,860  Accumulated amortisation and impairment  -  (3,860)  Net carrying amount  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16. INVENTORIES

Inventories  of  the  Group  as  at  31  December  2022  and  2021  are  goods  held  for  trading  by  the  Supply  Chain Business.

## 17. TRADE RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables  54,732  78,857  Impairment (note (c))  (10,177)  (14,752)  44,555  64,105   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) The Group's trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where payment in advance is normally required. The credit period is generally 60 days, extending up to 150 days for major customers. Each customer has a maximum credit limit.  The  Group  seeks  to  maintain  strict  control  over  its  outstanding  receivables  and  has  a  credit  control  department  to  minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. Except for collection of trade debts arising from trading with overseas customers which is covered by insurance policies, the Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.
- (b) An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Less than 90 days  18,006  56,000  91 to 120 days  9,015  -  121 to 365 days  9,539  8,105  1 to 2 years  7,995  -  44,555  64,105   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 17. TRADE RECEIVABLES - continued

Notes: - continued

(c) The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables during the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January  14,752  21,477  Reversal of impairment losses recognised during the year, net  (4,209)  (5,673)  Amounts written off as uncollectible  -  (1,258)  Exchange realignment  (366)  206  At 31 December  10,177  14,752   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Set  out  below  is  the  information  about  the  credit  risk  exposure  on  the  Group's  trade  receivables,  using  a  provision  matrix  or,  for external customers with credit deterioration, assessing on an individual basis:

## At 31 December 2022

| Ageing based on invoice date  Less than  1 to 2  Over  1 year  years  2 years  Total  Group 1 - Distribution Business  Effective expected credit loss rate  1.52%  2.0%  100%  Gross carrying amount (HK$'000)  8,023  8,160*  9,847  26,030  Expected credit losses (HK$'000)  122  165  9,847  10,134  Group 2 - Supply Chain Business  (International Trading)  Effective expected credit loss rate  0.13%  N/A  N/A  Gross carrying amount (HK$'000)  27,906  -  -  27,906  Expected credit losses (HK$'000)  37  -  -  37  Group 3 - Supply Chain Business  (Domestic Trading)  Effective expected credit loss rate  0.75%  N/A  N/A  Gross carrying amount (HK$'000)  796  -  -  796  Expected credit losses (HK$'000)  6  -  -  6   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## At 31 December 2021

| Ageing based on invoice date  Less than  1 to 2  Over  1 year  years  2 years  Total  Group 1 - Distribution Business  Effective expected credit loss rate  2.21%  100%  100%  Gross carrying amount (HK$'000)  8,170  945  12,477  21,592  Expected credit losses (HK$'000)  65  945  12,477  13,487  Group 2 - Supply Chain Business  (International Trading)  Effective expected credit loss rate  0.80%  0%  0%  Gross carrying amount (HK$'000)  57,265  -  -  57,265  Expected credit losses (HK$'000)  1,265  -  -  1,265   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Amount represents a trade debt due from a company which, in the opinion of the directors, has a lower credit risk exposure based on past history of business relationship.

## 18. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Prepayments  (a)  55,516  30,673  Deposits and other receivables  (b)  1,809  2,612  Value-added tax recoverable  3,274  -  Notes receivables  -  71  Receivable from a supplier  (c)  52,280  62,280  112,879  95,636  Impairment allowance  (d)  (2,277)  (2,812)  110,602  92,824   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) Prepayments mainly comprise advance payments for purchase of inventories held for trading and other expenses.
- (b) Deposits and other receivables mainly comprise tendering deposits and performance pledged deposits.
- (c) The amount was due from Techcomp Instrument Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively, the 'Techcomp Instrument Group', a group controlled by Messrs. Lo Yat Keung and Chan Wai Shing, who were key management personnel of the Group up to 30 September 2019). The balance is unsecured, interest-free and is repayable on demand.
- (d) In respect of the impairment consideration of the Group's other receivables, an impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using the probability of default approach to measure expected credit losses. The probabilities of default rates are estimated based on comparable companies with published credit ratings. At 31 December 2022, the probability of default applied for other receivables ranged from 2.09% to 100% (2021: 0.04% to 7.00%) and the loss given default was estimated to be ranging from 59.2% to 100% (2021: 57.70% to 61.80%).

In  the  situation  where  no  comparable  companies  with  credit  ratings  can  be  identified,  expected  credit  losses  are  estimated  by applying a loss rate approach with reference to the historical loss record of the Group. The loss rate is adjusted to reflect the current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate.

The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of other receivables during the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January  2,812  2,297  Impairment losses/(reversal of impairment losses) recognised in the year, net  (486)  474  Exchange realignment  (49)  41  At 31 December  2,277  2,812   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other than those mentioned above, the financial assets included in the above balances relate to receivables for which there was no recent history of default and past due amounts. At 31 December 2022 and 2021, the loss allowance was assessed to be minimal.

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 19. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

- (a) At  31  December  2022,  the  cash  and  bank  balances  of  the  Group  denominated  in  Renminbi  ('RMB') amounted to RMB34,015,240 (equivalent to HK$38,105,668) (2021: HK$65,330,000). The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China's Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.
- (b) Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time deposits are  made  for  varying  periods  of  between  one  day  and  three  months  depending  on  the  immediate  cash requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective short term time deposit rates. The bank balances are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.

## 20. TRADE PAYABLES

The ageing of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is all less than 60 days.

The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on terms ranging from 60 days to 90 days.

## 21. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Accruals  2,484  2,734  Contract liabilities - customers' deposits  (a)  11,509  -  Other payables  (b)  1,109  676  Due to a fellow subsidiary  (c)  -  71  15,102  3,481   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) Details of the Group's contract liabilities are as follows:

| 31 December  2022  31 December  2021  1 January  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Short-term advances received under the Distribution Business  -  -  6,561  Short-term advances received under the Supply Chain Business  11,509  -  -  11,509  -  6,561   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contract  liabilities  include  short-term  advances  received  from  customers  for  the  supply  of  goods  by  the  Group.  The  increase  in contract liabilities  in  2022  was  mainly  due to the expansion of the Supply Chain Business during the year and customers' deposits were received close to year end for sale of goods which will be completed in 2023. The decrease in contract liabilities in 2021 was mainly due to the completion of delivery of goods during that year and no short-term advances received from customers in relation to the sale of goods as at the end of the prior year.

## 21. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS - continued

Notes: - continued

- (b) Other payables are non-interest-bearing and have an average term of three months.
- (c) The amounts due to a fellow subsidiary and a related party are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed terms of repayment.

## 22. LOAN FROM AN INTERMEDIATE HOLDING COMPANY

The loan balance as at 31 December 2022 was a loan advanced to the Group from Yunnan Energy Investment (HK) Co. Limited, an intermediate holding company, pursuant to a loan agreement dated 20 March 2022 entered into between the two parties with a total loan facility of RMB90,000,000. This loan is unsecured, bears interest at  the  rate  of  4%  per  annum  and  has  a  maturity  date  as  of  28  March  2023,  which  could  be  repaid  before  the maturity date as mutually agreed between the two parties. As at 31 December 2022, the outstanding balance under this loan facility including interest payable of RMB1,277,000 amounted to RMB26,277,000 (equivalent to HK$29,416,000).

The  above  loan  arrangement  with  an  intermediate  holding  company  constitutes  an  exempted  connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

## 23. LOANS FROM FELLOW SUBSIDIARIES

The loan balances as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 included:

- (i) a  loan  obtained  from  a  fellow  subsidiary,  YEIG  International  Consulting  (Beijing)  Co.,  LTD.  ('YEIG'), pursuant to a loan agreement dated 24 November 2021 entered into between the two parties with a total loan facility  of  RMB50,000,000 (equivalent to HK$61,155,000). The loan was unsecured, bore interest at the rate of 4% per annum and had a maturity date as of 23 November 2022, which could be repaid before the maturity date as mutually agreed between the two parties. As at 31 December 2021, the outstanding balance  under  this  loan  facility  including  interest  payable  of  RMB60,000  amounted  to  RMB50,060,000 (equivalent to HK$61,228,000). The loan was fully repaid during the year ended 31 December 2022; and
- (ii) a  loan  advanced  to  the  Group  from  another  fellow  subsidiary,  YEIG  International  Engineering  Co.,  Ltd, pursuant to a loan agreement dated 12 November 2021 entered into between the two parties with a total loan facility of RMB20,000,000. The loan was unsecured, bore interest at the rate of 4% per annum and had a maturity date as of 11 November 2022, which could be repaid before the maturity date as mutually agreed between the two parties. As at 31 December 2021, the outstanding balance under this loan facility including  interest  payable  of  RMB101,000  amounted  to  RMB10,101,000  (equivalent  to  HK$12,365,000). The loan was fully repaid during the year ended 31 December 2022.

The  above  loan  arrangements  with  fellow  subsidiaries  constitute  exempted  connected  transactions  under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

NOTES TO

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 24. SHARE CAPITAL

## Shares

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Authorised:  800,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.05 each  312,000  312,000  Issued and fully paid:  275,437,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.05 each  107,420  107,420   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Share Option Scheme

On 9 June 2011, the Company adopted a share option scheme (the '2011 Share Option Scheme'). The purpose of the 2011 Share Option Scheme was to enable the Company to grant options to eligible participants as incentives or  rewards  for  their  contribution  to  the  Group,  and  to  encourage  eligible  participants  to  perform  their  best  in achieving goals of the Group.

Directors  (including  non-executive  directors  and  independent  non-executive  directors)  and  employees  of  the Group are eligible to participate in the 2011 Share Option Scheme.

The 2011 Share Option Scheme shall be in force up to a maximum period of 10 years from the date on which the 2011 Share Option Scheme was adopted and may continue beyond the stipulated period with the approval of shareholders by way of an ordinary resolution in a general meeting and of such relevant authorities which may then be required.

The options that are granted under the 2011 Share Option Scheme may have exercise prices that are the higher of  (i)  the  closing  price  of  the  shares  of  the  Company  as  stated  in  the  daily  quotations  sheet  issued  by  SEHK  or SGX-ST (whichever is higher) on the offer date of such options, which must be a business day; and (ii) the average of the closing prices of the shares of the Company as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by SEHK or SGXST  for  the  five  consecutive  business  days  immediately  preceding  the  offer  date  of  such  options  (whichever  is higher).

Where the options  are  granted  to  the  controlling  shareholders  and  their  associates,  (i)  the  aggregate  number of shares of the Company available to the controlling shareholders and their associates shall not exceed 25% of the maximum number of shares of the Company which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2011 Share Option Scheme; (ii) the aggregate number of shares of the Company available to each controlling shareholder or his associate shall not exceed 10% of the maximum number of shares of the Company which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2011 Share Option Scheme; and (iii) separate approval of independent shareholders shall be obtained for each participant in respect of this participation and the number of shares of the Company comprised in the options to be granted to him and the terms.

## 24. SHARE CAPITAL - continued

## Share Option Scheme - continued

The number of shares of the Company comprised in any option to be offered to a participant in the 2011 Share Option Scheme shall be determined at the absolute discretion of the remuneration committee of the Company. The total number of shares of the Company issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to such participant (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) in any 12-month period must not exceed 1% of the shares of the Company in issue under the 2011 Share Option Scheme. Upon acceptance of the option, the grantee shall pay Singapore dollar 1.00 to the Company by way of consideration for the grant of the option.

The 2011 Share Option Scheme expired on 9 June 2021. There was no share option outstanding under the 2011 Share Option Scheme as at and during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## Share Award Scheme

On 11 January 2017, the Company adopted a share award scheme. Pursuant to the share award scheme, existing shares of the Company will be purchased by a trustee of the Company from the market out of cash contributed by  the  Group  and  be  held  in  trust  for  the  selected  participants  until  such  shares  are  vested  with  the  selected participants  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  scheme.  When  the  selected  participant  has  satisfied  all vesting  conditions  specified  by  the  board  of  directors  of  the  Company  at  the  time  of  making  the  award  and becomes entitled to the shares forming the subject of the award, the trustee shall transfer the relevant vested shares to that qualifying person.

The  purposes  of  the  share  award  scheme  are  to  recognise  the  contributions  by  the  Group's  employees, executives,  officers  or  directors  and  to  provide  them  with  incentives  in  order  to  retain  them  for  the  continual operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.

During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no shares of the Company were acquired by the trustee and no share awards were granted.

## 25. RESERVES

- (a) The  amounts  of  the  Group's  reserves  and  the  movements  therein  for  the  current  and  prior  years  are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.
- (b) Capital and other reserves comprise:
- (i) the  difference  between  the  combined  share  capital  of  the  entities  in  the  merged  group  and  the share capital of the Company arising from a group reorganisation undertaken in 2004; and
- (ii) effects of changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries when there is no change in control.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 26. DEREGISTRATION OF SUBSIDIARIES

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group applied to deregister a wholly-owned subsidiary, Techcomp (Holdings) Limited. The deregistration was completed on 2 December 2022 and no gain or loss was resulted from the deregistration of this subsidiary. There was no cash flow in relation to the deregistration of this subsidiary.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2021,  the  Group  applied  to  deregister  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary, 天美 ( 天津 ) 國際貿易有限公司 .  The  deregistration  was  completed  on  4  February  2021  and  resulted  in  a  gain  on deregistration of a subsidiary of HK$2,107,000. There was no cash flow in relation to the deregistration of this subsidiary.

## 27. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

## (a) Major non-cash transactions

Save as disclosed in note 26 regarding the deregistration of subsidiaries in 2022 and 2021, the Group did not  have  other  major  non-cash  investing  and  financing  activities  during  the  years  ended  31  December 2022 and 2021.

## (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

| Loan from an  intermediate  holding  company  Loans from  fellow  subsidiaries  Lease  liabilities  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  -  23,799  1,377  Changes from financing cash flows  -  47,068  (434)  Interest expense  -  1,292  61  Exchange realignment  -  1,434  33  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  -  73,593  1,037  Changes from financing cash flows  30,952  (71,007)  (225)  Interest expense  1,487  847  31  Termination of a lease  -  -  (794)  Exchange realignment  (3,023)  (3,433)  (49)  At 31 December 2022  29,416  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS - continued

## (c) Total cash outflow for leases

The total cash outflow for leases included in the consolidated statement of cash flows is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within operating activities  -  220  Within financing activities  225  434  225  654   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES

- (a) In  addition  to  the  transactions  detailed  elsewhere  in  these  financial  statements,  the  Group  had  the following material transactions with related parties during the year:

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest paid and payable on a loan from an intermediate  holding company  (i)  1,487  -  Interest paid and payable on loans from fellow subsidiaries  (i)  847  1,292  Consultancy service expenses to a fellow subsidiary  (ii)  170  185   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) Details  of  the  loans  from  an  intermediate  holding  company  and  fellow  subsidiaries  are  set  out  in  notes  22  and  23  to  the financial statements, respectively. The loan arrangements with an intermediate holding company and fellow subsidiaries are exempted connected transactions as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
- (ii) The expenses were paid for the management consultancy service rendered by YEIG, a fellow subsidiary. The management consultancy service rendered by the fellow subsidiary are exempted connected transactions as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
- (iii) The Group's office in Kunming was owned by the Company's ultimate holding company, Yunnan Provincial Energy Investment Group  Co.  Limited,  which  provides  the  office  space  and  furniture  to  the  Group  for  use  without  a  compensation.  The arrangement is an exempted connected transaction as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
- (b) Outstanding balances with related parties:

Details of the loans from an intermediate holding company and fellow subsidiaries are disclosed in notes 22 and 23 to the financial statements, respectively.

Details of the Group's amounts due to a fellow subsidiary and a related party are disclosed in note 21(c) to the financial statements.

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 28. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES - continued

## (c) Transactions with other state-owned entities in Mainland China

The  Group  operates  in  an  economic  environment  predominated  by  enterprises  directly  or  indirectly owned  and/or  controlled  by  the  PRC  government  through  its  numerous  authorities,  affiliates  or  other organisations  (collectively  'Other  SOEs').  During  the  year,  the  Group  has  transactions  with  Other  SOEs including,  but  not  limited  to,  the  sale  of  raw  materials,  bank  deposits,  and  utilities  consumptions. Approximately 11% of the Group's revenue for the year ended 31 December 2022 were generated from transactions with certain of these Other SOEs (2021: Nil). The directors consider that the transactions with the Other SOEs are activities in the ordinary course of the Group's business, and that the dealings of the Group have not been significantly or unduly affected by the fact that the Group and the Other SOEs are ultimately controlled or owned by the PRC government. The Group has also established pricing policies for products and services and such pricing policies do not depend on whether or not the customers are Other SOEs. Having due regard to the substance of the relationships, the Company's directors are of the opinion that none of these transactions are material related party transactions that require separate disclosure.

## (d) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Short term employee benefits  1,038  932  Post-employment benefits  18  18  Total compensation paid to key management personnel  1,056  950   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further details of directors' emoluments are included in note 9 to the financial statements.

## 29. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

All  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  of  the  Group  as  at  31  December  2022  and  2021  are  classified  as financial assets and liabilities at amortised cost, respectively.

## 30. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The  directors  of  the  Company  consider  that  the  fair  values  of  financial  assets  and  liabilities  which  are  due  to be  received  or  settled  within  one  year  approximate  to  their  carrying  amounts  largely  due  to  the  short  term maturities of these instruments.

During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between level 1 and level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2021: Nil).

The Group's financial instruments include cash and bank balances, trade and other receivables, trade and other payables  and  loans  from  an  intermediate  holding  company  and  fellow  subsidiaries.  Details  of  these  financial instruments  are  disclosed  in  the  respective  notes  to  the  financial  statements.  The  risks  associated  with  these financial instruments and the policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. Management manages and  monitors  these  exposures  to  ensure  that  appropriate  risk  management  measures  are  implemented  in  a timely and effective manner.

## 31. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

## Market risk

## (i) Foreign exchange risk

The Group has sales and purchases denominated in foreign currencies, which exposes the Group to foreign currency risk. The Group's sales and purchases are principally transacted in the United States dollars and Renminbi. Expenses incurred are generally denominated in Hong Kong dollars and Renminbi, which are the functional currencies of the group entities operating in Hong Kong and the PRC, respectively.

The  carrying  amounts  of  the  major  monetary  assets  and  monetary  liabilities  denominated  in  a  foreign currency, other than the functional currencies of the respective group entities, at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

| Assets  Liabilities  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Renminbi  2,985  227  827  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sensitivity analysis

The following table details the Group's sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in the relevant foreign currencies  against  the  functional  currency  of  each  group  entity.  5%  is  the  sensitivity  rate  used  when reporting  foreign  currency  risk  internally  to  key  management  personnel  and  represents  management's assessment  of  the  possible  change  in  foreign  exchange  rates.  The  sensitivity  analysis  includes  only outstanding monetary items denominated in a foreign currency and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for a 5% change in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis excludes balances which are denominated in the United States dollars for entities with Hong Kong dollars as their functional currencies since the United States dollars are pegged to Hong Kong dollars.

If  the  relevant foreign currency weakens by 5% against the functional currency of each group entity loss before tax will decrease by:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Renminbi  (108)  (11)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------|

If  the relevant foreign currency strengthens by 5%, there would be an equal but opposite impact on loss before tax.

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 31. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES - continued

## Market risk - continued

## (ii) Interest rate risk management

The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to bank deposits and the Group considered that the Group's exposure to cash flow interest rate risk is insignificant.

## Credit risk

The  Group  trades  only  with  recognised  and  creditworthy  third  parties  and  in  respect  of  trading  transactions with overseas customers, the collection of trade debts is covered by insurance policies purchased by the Group. It  is  the  Group's  policy  that  all  customers  who  wish  to  trade  on  credit  terms  are  subject  to  credit  verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis.

## Maximum exposure and year-end staging

The table below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group's credit policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification:

## At 31 December 2022

| 12-month  ECLs  Lifetime ECLs  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Simplified  approach  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables*  -  -  -  54,732  54,732  Financial assets included in deposits  and other receivables  - Normal**  349  52,280  1,460  -  54,089  Cash and cash equivalents  - Not yet past due  43,090  -  -  -  43,090  43,439  52,280  1,460  54,732  151,911   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES - continued

## Credit risk - continued

## At 31 December 2021

| 12-month  ECLs  Lifetime ECLs  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Simplified  approach  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables*  -  -  -  78,857  78,857  Financial assets included in deposits  and other receivables  - Normal**  171  62,280  2,512  -  64,963  Cash and cash equivalents  - Not yet past due  103,122  -  -  -  103,122  103,293  62,280  2,512  78,857  246,942   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* For  trade  receivables  to  which  the  Group  applies  the  simplified  approach  for  impairment,  which  is  disclosed  in  note  17  to  the financial statements.

** The  credit  quality  of  the  financial  assets  included  in  deposits  and  other  receivables  is  considered  to  be  'normal'  when  they  are not  past  due  and  there  is  no  information  indicating  that  the  financial  assets  had  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be 'doubtful'.

## Liquidity risk

In  the  management  of  liquidity  risk,  the  Group  monitors  and  maintains  a  level  of  cash  and  cash  equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group's operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in  cash  flows.  The  management monitors the utilisation of bank borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 31. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES - continued

## Liquidity risk - continued

## Liquidity and interest risk analyses

The following table details the remaining contractual maturity for non-derivative financial liabilities. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The table includes both interest and principal cash flows.

| Weighted  Less than  average  1 year or  effective  repayable on  1 year to  Undiscounted  Carrying  interest rate  demand  5 years  cash flows  amount  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 31 December 2022  Trade payables  -  5,767  -  5,767  5,767  Other payables  -  1,109  -  1,109  1,109  Due to a related party  -  177  -  177  177  Loan from an intermediate holding company  4.00  36,708  -  36,708  29,416  43,761  -  43,761  36,469  At 31 December 2021  Trade payables  -  1,993  -  1,993  1,993  Other payables  -  676  -  676  676  Due to a fellow subsidiary  -  71  -  71  71  Loans from fellow subsidiaries  4.00  76,207  -  76,207  73,593  Lease liabilities  4.75  287  837  1,124  1,037  79,234  837  80,071  77,370   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Capital management

The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while  maximising  the  return  to  shareholders  through  the  optimisation  of  the  debt  and  equity  balance.  The Group's overall strategy remains unchanged from the prior year.

The  capital  structure  of  the  Group  consists  of  debts,  which  include  the  loan  from  an  intermediate  holding company and the loans from fellow subsidiaries, as disclosed in notes 22 and 23 to the financial statements, and equity attributable to shareholders of the Company, comprising issued share capital, reserves and accumulated losses as disclosed in the consolidated financial statements.

The  directors  of  the  Company  review  the  capital  structure  on  a  semi-annual  basis.  As  part  of  this  review, the  directors  consider  the  cost  of  capital  and  the  risks  associated  with  each  class  of  capital.  Based  on recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall structure through the payment of dividends, issues of new shares and share buy-backs as well as the issue of new debts or the redemption of existing debts.

## 32. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

Information about the statement of financial position of the Company as at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Investments in subsidiaries  279,398  208,708  CURRENT ASSETS  Trade receivables  28,701  1,250  Other receivables  3,844  98  Due from subsidiaries  2,001  90,078  Cash and bank balances  1,310  34,583  Total current assets  35,856  126,009  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Trade payables  2,048  1,167  Other payables and accruals  4,308  3,380  Due to subsidiaries  152,368  152,418  Total current liabilities  158,724  156,965  NET CURRENT LIABILITIES  (122,868)  (30,956)  Net assets  156,530  177,752  EQUITY  Issued capital  107,420  107,420  Reserves (note)  49,110  70,332  Total equity  156,530  177,752   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: A summary of the Company's reserves is as follows:

| Share  premium  Contributed  Accumulated  account  surplus  losses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  143,392  3,071  (8,427)  138,036  Loss for the year and total comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  (67,704)  (67,704)  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  143,392  3,071  (76,131)  70,332  Loss for the year and total comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  (21,222)  (21,222)  At 31 December 2022  143,392  3,071  (97,353)  49,110   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 33. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 24 March 2023.

31 December 2022

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A  summary  of  the  results,  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Group  for  the  last  five  financial  years,  as  extracted  from  the Company's audited consolidated financial statements and the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2021, is set out below:

## RESULTS

| Year ended 31 December  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  634,414  311,473  60,988  84,106  288,089  Loss before tax from the continuing  operations  (9,174)  (19,618)  (62,199)  (26,840)  (8,877)  Income tax  -  (174)  -  (112)  -  Loss for the year from continuing  operations  (9,174)  (19,792)  (62,199)  (26,952)  (8,877)  Loss for the year from discontinued  operations  (65,051)  -  -  -  -  Loss for the year  (74,225)  (19,792)  (62,199)  (26,952)  (8,877)  Loss for the year  attributable to:  Shareholders of the Company  (73,213)  (19,792)  (62,199)  (26,952)  (8,877)  Non-controlling interests  (1,012)  -  -  -  -  (74,225)  (19,792)  (62,199)  (26,952)  (8,877)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

| As at 31 December  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Total assets  543,889  510,952  258,062  268,129  221,845  Total liabilities  (245,727)  (230,259)  (41,571)  (80,104)  (50,462)  Total equity  298,162  280,693  216,491  188,025  171,383  Equity attributable to shareholders  of the Company  298,162  280,693  216,491  188,025  171,383   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|