Scores_g_WHOLESALE AND RETAIL TRADE; REPAIR OF MOTOR VEHICLES AND MOTORCYCLESScore 0.547
existence and accrual of revenues from the sale of merchandise were of particular significance in the context of our audit. . With respect to the audit of the existence and accrual of revenue we first assessed the design implementation and operating effectiveness of internal controls including the functioning of ITbased controls with respect to outgoing goods and the acceptance of goods invoices and the payment settlement. In addition we examined the presentation of revenue recognition in the Groupwide accounting policy to assess whether it complied with IFRS . Furthermore in the context of substantive audit procedures we obtained evidence in particular delivery certificates invoices and receipts of payments of the existence and accrual of revenue in order to assess whether the recognized and accrues revenues were based on a corresponding shipment or transfer of goods. In addition we evaluated the mathematical correctness of the executive directors calculation of expected returns. We compared the expected returns against historical sales channelspecific return rates and the returned merchandise recorded in the financial accounting records. We were able to satisfy ourselves that the estimates and assumptions made by the executive directors in connection with the appropriate accounting treatment of the revenue were sufficiently substantiated and documented. . The Companys disclosures relating to the accounting policies applied with respect to the recognition of revenue from merchandise are contained in section of the notes to the consolidated financial statements Summary of significant accounting policies. 

Score 0.546
Dec. Dec. GrossvalueAllowance for obsoles cence Net value Gross valueAllowance for obsoles cence Net valueMerchandise and finished goods on hand Goods in transit Raw materials Work in progress Inventories 

Score 0.52
Marketing provisions mainly consist of provisions for promotion contracts which are comprised of obligations to clubs and athletes. Provisions for personnel mainly consist of provisions for short and longterm variable compensation components as well as of provisions for social plans relating to restructuring measures. Provisions for returns and warranty primarily arise due to the obligation of fulfilling customer claims with regard to the return of products sold by adidas. The amount of the provision follows the historical development of returns and warranty as well as current agreements. Provisions for taxes other than income taxes mainly relate to value added tax real estate tax and motor vehicle tax. 

Score 0.508
Expenses are presented by function according to the cost of sales method in the income statement with the exception of impairment losses net on accounts receivable and contract assets which are disclosed in a separate line item as required by IFRS Financial Instruments. Other operating expenses presented by functions include marketing and pointofsale expenses distribution and selling expenses and general and administration expenses as well as sundry expenses less any income from government grants if applicable. Marketing and pointofsale expenses consist of promotion and communication spending such as promotion contracts advertising events and other communication activities. However they do not include marketing overhead expenses which are presented in distribution and selling expenses. The distribution and selling expenses consist of sales force and sales administration costs direct and indirect supply chain costs and marketing overhead expenses as well as expenses for research and development which amounted to million in million. General and administration expenses include the functions IT Finance Legal Human Resources and FacilitiesServices as well as General Management. Sundry expenses consist mainly of costs for onetime effects as well as losses from disposal of fixed assets. 

Score 0.507
represents a separate major line of business or geographic area of operations 

Score 0.498
Currencyneutral net sales development to decline at a highsingledigit rate to increase at a midsingledigit rate Operating lossprofit operating loss of million operating profit of million operating profit of around million Average operating working capital in of net sales to reach a level of between and . to reach a level of between and Capital expenditure

Score 0.496
challenges arising from the digitalization of the economy. Pillar which includes the introduction of global minimum tax could lead to higherthanplanned income tax expenses from onwards. We seek to manage tax and customs risks in a balanced way that bears an appropriate relationship to the operating structure commercial and economic substance and other business risks. To proactively manage such risks we constantly seek expert advice from specialized independent law and tax advisory firms in areas such as process design transaction advisory compliance and tax or customs audits. Processes are in place requiring that attention is regularly directed to potential areas of tax or customs risk e.g. a quarterly tax risk questionnaire and the corporate tax and customs teams are involved in critical business transactions. Compliance with global tax and customs policies and controls is monitored by the Corporate Tax and Customs teams internal controls experts and the Internal Audit department. We closely monitor changes in legislation to properly adopt regulatory requirements regarding customs and taxes apply any available and applicable guidance from tax authorities and organizations such as the OECD the World Customs Organization and the World Trade Organization and seek guidance from individual authorities as appropriate which may include requesting tax rulings from a tax authority. In addition our internal legal customs and tax teams advise our operational management teams to ensure appropriate and compliant business practices. Our specialized staff receive adequate training for their role and nontax or noncustoms staff are made aware of potential tax and customs matters relevant to their roles. Furthermore we work closely with customs authorities and governments worldwide to make sure we adhere to customs and trade regulations at import and export to ensure the availability and obtain the required clearance of products to fulfill sales demand. 

Score 0.493
The results of the operating segments are reported in the line item Segmental operating profit. This is defined as gross profit minus other operating expenses plus royalty and commission income and other operating income attributable to the segment without considering headquarter costs and central expenditure for marketing. Segmental assets include accounts receivable as well as inventories. Only these items are reported to the chief operating decisionmaker on a regular basis. Depreciation amortization impairment losses except for goodwill and reversals of impairment losses as well as capital expenditure for tangible and intangible assets are part of the segmental reporting even though segmental assets do not contain tangible and intangible assets. Depreciation and amortization as well as impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses not directly attributable to a segment are presented under line items HQ and Consolidation in the reconciliations. Segmental liabilities only contain accounts payable from operating activities as there are no other liability items reported regularly to the chief operating decisionmaker. Interest income and interest expenses as well as income taxes are not allocated to the reportable segments and are not reported separately to the chief operating decisionmaker. 

Score 0.492
Economic activities Code

Score 0.487
We ensure that the tax profile of our activities is aligned with the substance of the operating structures of our business. Accordingly transactions have commercial and economic substance and we do not put in place arrangements that are contrived or artificial. Our Transfer Pricing Policy requires that intragroup transactions be carried out on an armslength basis. As a result our profits are derived and taxed in the jurisdictions where value is created.

Score 0.486
At the start of the financial year the Groups internal reporting structure was adjusted for management purposes. Since January the EMEA market has been divided into two separate markets Europe and Emerging Markets. Russia is allocated to the other businesses as it is no longer monitored separately by the chief operating decisionmakers due to the discontinuation of business activities. In addition the AsiaPacific market has been split into two separate markets Japan and South Korea and Southeast Asia and Pacific have been merged with the new Emerging Markets market. The North America Latin America and China markets remain unchanged. In line with this reporting structure of the company for management purposes by market and in accordance with the definition of IFRS Operating Segments seven operating segments have thus been identified as of January Europe Emerging Markets North America China Latin America Japan and South Korea. Due to the small size of the two operating segments Japan and South Korea they are combined for external segment reporting as JapanSouth Korea. Due to the change in the operating segments and the associated groups of cashgenerating units both a reallocation of goodwill and an impairment test of goodwill were carried out as at January . There was no need for impairment in this context. No other companyspecific subsequent events are known that might have a material influence on the assets liabilities financial position and profit or loss of the company. 

Score 0.485
Currencyneutral net sales development to decline at a highsingledigit rate to decline at a midsingledigit rate to decline at a lowsingledigit rate to increase at a midsingledigit rate Operating margin operating profitloss . operating loss of million operating loss of million operating loss of million operating profit of million operating profit of around million Average operating working capital in of net sales . to reach a level of between and to reach a level of between and to reach a level of between and . to reach a level of between and Capital expenditure

Score 0.483
. Recoverability of inventories . Recognition of revenue taking into account expected returns 

Score 0.48
The line item Sundry mainly relates to payables due to customs authorities. Further information about forward exchange contracts is contained in these Notes.

Score 0.479
e Purchased goods and services Upstream transportation and distribution Business travel Use of sold products Endoflife treatment of sold products Total emissions in tons CO

Score 0.472
Foreign exchange contracts sales Other financial assets liabilities Net Sales Net Sales Foreign exchange contracts inventory purchases Other financial assets liabilities Cost of sales Cost of sales Foreign exchange contracts net foreign invest ments Other financial assets liabilities Financial result Financial result Total return swap LongTerm Incentive Plans Other financial assets liabilities Financial result Other operating expenses 

Score 0.469
Marketing Personnel Returns and warranty Taxes other than income taxes Customs Sundry Other provisions 

Score 0.469
. In the Companys consolidated statement of financial position inventories amounting to EUR million of total assets are reported. Inventories are initially recognized at cost taking into account directly attributable incidental acquisition costs and cost reductions. The carrying amount of recognized inventories must be reduced if the inventories are damaged or partially obsolete and the expected net realizable values are less than the costs. At the balance sheet date the costs are compared against the net realizable values which are determined by deducting the directly attributable selling costs to be incurred prior to sale of the inventories from the sales proceeds expected to be generated. 

Score 0.469
ensure that all new and updated Taxonomyrelevant publications that have become available throughout the course of the year are adequately reflected in this report. Determination of Taxonomyeligible activities The core team reviewed the new delegated acts to the Taxonomy Regulation as they became available and analyzed the impact on the disclosure requirements compared to to ensure accuracy and completeness of our reporting. As mentioned above while the reporting requirement covers all six environmental objectives since the beginning of the main economic activities of our business model remain out of scope and we consequently have no turnovergenerating Taxonomyeligible activities to report on. As a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for 

Score 0.467
Expenses that are not directly attributable to the products or services sold such as distribution and selling as well as general and administration costs but not including marketing and pointofsale expenses. 

Score 0.466
Dec. Thereof noncurrent Dec. ThereofnoncurrentGoods and services not yet invoiced Marketing and sales Personnel Sundry Accrued liabilities 

Score 0.464
Finished goods and merchandise are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value which is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. Costs are determined using a standard valuation method the average cost method. Costs of finished goods include the cost of direct materials and labor and the components of the manufacturing overheads that can be reasonably attributed to finished goods. The allocation of overheads is based on the planned average utilization. The net realizable value allowances are computed consistently throughout the company based on the age and expected future sales of the items on hand. 

Score 0.459
Other provisions consist of the following 

Score 0.457
is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. Discontinued operations are excluded from the net incomeloss from continuing operations and are presented as a single amount as gainloss from discontinued operations net of tax in the consolidated income statement. When an operation is classified as a discontinued operation the comparative consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of cash flows are restated and presented as if the operation had been classified as such from the start of the comparative year.

Score 0.456
Note Year ending Dec. Year ending Dec. ChangeNet sales . Cost of sales . Gross profit . of net sales . . .pp Royalty and commission income . Other operating income . Other operating expenses . of net sales . . .pp Marketing and pointofsale expenses . of net sales . . .pp Distribution and selling expenses . of net sales . . .pp General and administration expenses . of net sales . . .pp Sundry expenses . of net sales . . .pp Impairment losses net on accounts receivable and contract assets . Operating profit . of net sales . . .pp Financial income . Financial expenses . Income before taxes . of net sales . . .pp Income taxes . of income before taxes . . .pp Net lossincome from continuing operations n.a. of net sales . . n.a. Gain from discontinued operations net of tax . Net lossincome n.a. of net sales . . n.a. Net lossincome attributable to shareholders n.a. of net sales . . n.a. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests . Basic earnings per share from continuing operations in . . n.a. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in . . n.a. Basic earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations in . . n.a. Diluted earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations in . . n.a. 

Score 0.455
 Operating margin operating profit net sales . including Reebok business. 

Score 0.453
Numerous laws and regulations regarding customs and taxes as well as changes in such laws and regulations affect the companys business practices worldwide. Noncompliance with regulations concerning product imports including calculation of customs values intercompany transactions or income taxes could lead to substantial financial penalties and additional costs as well as negative media coverage and therefore reputational damage for example in case of understatements or underpayments of corporate income taxes or customs duties. Changes in regulations regarding customs and taxes may also have a substantial impact on the companys sourcing costs or income taxes. Therefore we also create provisions in accordance with the relevant accounting regulations to account for potential disputes with customs or tax authorities. Due to the current geopolitical situation we assume in individual cases increasingly aggressive positions taken by tax and customs authorities in audits which could increase the potential impact of such risks and the likelihood that they materialize. In the OECDG Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting agreed on a twopillar solution to address the tax 

Score 0.451
Net realizable values are calculated based on discretionary planning assumptions as to the sales proceeds realizable in the ordinary course of business less necessary selling costs which are derived on the basis of historical observable data. In particular the age seasonality of the inventories and the selected sales channel to be used in future sales are significant. The impairment test resulted in a writedown on inventories as of the balance sheet date amounting to EUR million in total. The outcome of this valuation is dependent to a large extent on the estimates made by the executive directors with respect to the inputs for the future net realizable values and other factors having an influence on value and is therefore subject to considerable uncertainty. Against this background and due to the complex nature of the valuation this matter was of particular significance in the context of our audit. . As part of our audit we analyzed among other things the impairment testing process and assessed identified controls with respect to implementation appropriateness and operating effectiveness. Furthermore we evaluated the key inputs used to calculate net realizable values based on historical data and our understanding of the business. We verified the mathematical accuracy of the calculation logic used in the impairment test. We were able to satisfy ourselves that the estimates and assumptions made by the executive directors in connection with the appropriate measurement of inventories were sufficiently substantiated and documented. . The Companys disclosures relating to the accounting policies applied with respect to the inventories line item are contained in section of the notes to the consolidated financial statements Summary of significant accounting policies. In addition the disclosures on inventories are contained in section Inventories. 

Score 0.45
Includes own retail business monobranded franchise stores shopinshops joint ventures with retail partners and cobranded stores. Controlled space offers a high level of brand control and ensures optimal product offering and presentation according to brand requirements. 

Score 0.446
 .. Transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehiclesCCM ..el nel nel nel nel nel .. Installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipmentCCM .. el nel nel nel nel nel .. Acquisition and ownership of buildings building leasesCCM .. el nel nel nel nel nel CapEx of taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities A.. Total A.. A.. 

Score 0.445
The Taxonomy is a classification system for environmentally sustainable economic activities. An economic activity is considered Taxonomyeligible if it is described in one of the delegated acts of the Taxonomy and has the potential to support the achievement of at least one of the following six environmental objectives Climate change mitigation Climate change adaptation Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources Transition to a circular economy Pollution prevention and control Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. For an activity to be considered and reported as environmentally sustainable i.e. Taxonomyaligned the following three prerequisites must be fulfilled 

Score 0.445
Financial assets are classified and measured according to IFRS. All purchases and sales of financial assets with the exception of trade receivables are recognized on the trade date and initially measured at fair value. At initial recognition trade receivables that do not have a significant financing component are measured at their transaction price. Subsequently a financial asset is measured at amortized cost fair value through other comprehensive income debt instrument fair value through other comprehensive income equity instrument or fair value through profit or loss. A financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows business model Hold to collect and the financial assets contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. A financial asset is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated at fair value through profit or loss the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets business model Hold to collect and sell and its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 

Score 0.445
Net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized. Noncurrent assets are allocated to the geographic market based on the domicile of the respective subsidiary independent of the segmental structure and consist of tangible assets goodwill trademarks other intangible assets rightofuse assets and other noncurrent assets. 

Score 0.444
Opportunities related to tax and customs regulations 

Score 0.444
receivable less any deductions relating to the receivable e.g. discounts granted by adidas to the debtor and less the factoring fee and interest. The factoring fee amounts to . of the nominal amount of the purchased receivables. Interest on the disbursed purchase price is based on an interest rate composed of the Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate reference interest rate plus a margin of . to . p.a. and is paid for the period from the disbursement of the purchase price portion to the settlement of the receivable by the debtor. Further information about credit risks is contained in these Notes.

Score 0.442
They may be sold on the stock exchange or through a public offer to all shareholders in relation to their shareholding quota in case of an offer to all shareholders subscription rights for residual amounts are excluded. The shares may also be sold differently provided the shares are sold in exchange for a cash payment and at a price that at the time of the sale is not significantly below the stock market price of the companys shares with the same features the prorated amount of the nominal capital which is attributable to the aggregate number of shares sold under this authorization may not exceed of the companys nominal capital. The prorated amount of the nominal capital attributable to new shares which may be issued between May and the sale of the shares based on an authorized capital while excluding shareholders subscription rights pursuant to section section sentence AktG is attributed to the limit of . Likewise the prorated amount of the nominal capital that is attributable to shares which may be issued due to bonds with warrants andor convertible bonds which are linked to subscription or conversion rights or obligations or the companys right to delivery of shares provided these bonds are issued on the basis of authorizations pursuant to section section sentence AktG between May and the sale of the shares shall also be attributed to the limit of . 

Score 0.441
For the line item Losses for which benefits were not recognizable and changes in valuation allowances mainly relates to valuation allowances in respect of Russia million and a release to the valuation allowances for the US and Argentina million. For this line item mainly related to changes in valuation allowances for the US Argentina and Brazil. For the total tax benefit arising from previously unrecognized tax losses credits or temporary differences in prior years that is used to reduce current tax expense was million mainly relating to Argentina and Lebanon million. For there were no effects of changes in tax rates that exceed million. For this line item mainly reflected a tax rate change in Switzerland. The group is within the scope of the OECD Pillar Two model rules Global Minimum Tax. Pillar Two legislation was enacted in Germany the jurisdiction in which the company is incorporated and will come into effect from January . Since the Pillar Two legislation was not effective at the reporting date the group has no related current tax exposure. The group applies the exception to recognizing and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes as provided in the amendments to IAS issued in May . Under the legislation the group is liable to pay a topup tax for the difference between its Global AntiBase Erosion GloBE effective tax rate per jurisdiction and the minimum rate. The vast majority of entities within the group have an effective tax rate that exceeds with material exceptions for subsidiaries in the United Arab Emirates Hongkong and Switzerland. The group is in the process of assessing the impact of the Pillar Two legislation. Based on prior years and the accounting profit for the financial year this assessment process results in an additional expected tax exposure in a low two digit million range. The group might not be exposed to paying Pillar Two income taxes in relation to most jurisdictions. This is due to the impact of specific adjustments envisaged in the Pillar Two legislation which give rise to different effective tax rates compared to those calculated in accordance with paragraph of IAS . Due to the complexities in applying the legislation and calculating GloBE income the quantitative impact of the enacted or substantively enacted legislation is not yet reasonably estimable. 

Score 0.441
Subsequent measurement principle Assets Cash and cash equivalents Amortized cost Cash and cash equivalents investments in certain money market funds Fair value through profit or loss Accounts receivable Amortized cost Inventories Lower of cost and net realizable value Property plant and equipment Amortized cost Rightofuse assets Amortized cost Goodwill Impairmentonly approach Intangible assets except goodwill With definite useful life Amortized cost With indefinite useful life Impairmentonly approach Financial assets See separate table Liabilities Borrowings Amortized cost Accounts payable Amortized cost Liabilitiesprovisions for cashsettled sharebased payment arrangements Fair value through profit or loss Derivatives not used in hedge accounting Fair value through profit or loss Derivatives used in hedge accounting Fair value through other comprehensive income Other financial liabilities Amortized cost Provisions Pensions Projected unit credit method Other provisions Expected settlement amount Accrued liabilities Amortized cost Lease liabilities Amortized cost 

Score 0.44
 y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. CCM Climate Change Mitigation CCA Climate Change Adaptation WTR Water and Marine Resources PPC Pollution Prevention and Control CE Circular Economy BIO Biodiversity and Ecosystems. Net sales as reported in the Consolidated Income Statement. el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. 

Score 0.44
Revenue derived from the sale of goods is recognized when adidas has satisfied the respective performance obligation by transferring the promised goods to the customer. The goods are transferred at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the respective goods. The timing of the transfer of control depends on the individual terms of the sales agreement terms of delivery. The amount of revenue to be recognized is determined based on the consideration adidas expects to be entitled to in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer taking into account returns discounts and rebates. Under certain conditions and in accordance with contractual agreements the companys customers have the right to return products and to either exchange them for similar or other products or to return the products against the issuance of a credit note. Amounts for estimated returns related to revenues are accrued based on past experience of average return rates and average actual return periods by means of a refund liability. The return assets are measured at the carrying amount of the inventoriesproducts less any handling costs and any potential impairment. Provided that the customers meet certain predefined conditions adidas grants its customers different types of globally aligned performancebased rebates. Examples include rebates for customers increasing adidas product sales for customer loyalty and for sellout support e.g. through retail spacefranchise store management. As soon as it is assumed that the customer fulfills the requirements for being granted the rebate this amount is recognized as a sales deduction via an accrued liability for marketing and sales. In addition adidas generates revenue from the licensingout of the right to use the brands to third parties. The resulting salesbased royalty and commission income is recognized based on the contract terms on an accrual basis i.e. revenue is already realized even though the payment takes place at a later point in time. Contracts with guaranteed minimum income result in contract assets and contract liabilities 

Score 0.438
 During the period Carrying amount Nomi nal amo unt Assets Lia bili ties Line item in statement of financial position where the hedging instrument is included Changes in the value of the hedging instru ment recog nized in hedging reserve Changes in the value of the hedging instru ment recog nized in cost of hedging reserve Hedge ineffec tiveness recog nized in profit or loss Line item in income statement which includes hedge ineffec tiveness Amount from hedging reserve trans ferred to inven tory Amount from cost of hedging reserve trans ferred to inven tory Amount reclass ified from hedging reserve to profit or loss Amount reclass ified from cost of hedging reserve to profit or loss Line item in income statement affected by the reclass ification 

Score 0.438
All of our key licensees i.e. our longterm partners andor those with the largest business volumes achieved a Licensee Compliance Rating LCR of at least S in and of these received a rating of S. This rating reflects that these licensees have successfully demonstrated that they have embedded strong governance systems supply chain management and purchasing practices compliance requirements into their business practices. Licensees are also assessed on the existence of policies and systems to address stakeholder engagement as well as levels of public reporting and communication. 

Score 0.438
 During the period Carrying amount Nomi nal amo unt As sets Lia bili ties Line item in statement of financial position where the hedging instrument is included Changes in the value of the hedging instru ment recog nized in hedging reserve Changes in the value of the hedging instru ment recog nized in cost of hedging reserve Hedge ineffec tiveness recog nized in profit or loss Line item in income statement which includes hedge ineffec tiveness Amount from hedging reserve trans ferred to inven tory Amount from cost of hedging reserve trans ferred to inven tory Amount reclass ified from hedging reserve to profit or loss Amount reclass ified from cost of hedging reserve to profit or loss Line item in income statement affected by the reclass ification 

Score 0.437
redevelopment especially for mallbased stores which is the case for many of our retail locations. In addition certain eligible retail lease locations are heritage sites for which it is not possible to obtain EPC class A certification. However we have certain eligible lease contracts in connection with smaller warehouse Dubai retail Poland and corporate office locations Sweden and the Netherlands that fulfill the substantial contribution criterion. This reflects our commitment to decarbonize our own operations as well as our more pronounced ability to influence the design and development of major real estate investments related to our operational infrastructure. 

Score 0.436
The executive directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the Combined Nonfinancial Statement in accordance with Articles c in conjunction with c to e HGB Handelsgesetzbuch German Commercial Code and Article of REGULATION EU OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of June on establishing a framework to facilitate sustainable investment and amending Regulation EU hereinafter the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the Delegated Acts adopted thereunder as well as for making their own interpretation of the wording and terms contained in the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the Delegated Acts adopted thereunder as set out in section EUTaxonomy of the Combined Nonfinancial Statement. This responsibility includes the selection and application of appropriate nonfinancial reporting methods and making assumptions and estimates about individual nonfinancial disclosures of the Company that are reasonable in the circumstances. Furthermore the executive directors are responsible for such internal control as the executive directors consider necessary to enable the preparation of a Combined Nonfinancial Statement that is free from material misstatement whether due to fraud or error. The EU Taxonomy Regulation and the Delegated Acts issued thereunder contain wording and terms that are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertainties and for which clarifications have not yet been published in every case. Therefore the executive directors have disclosed their interpretation of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the Delegated Acts adopted thereunder in section EUTaxonomy of the Combined Nonfinancial Statement. They are responsible for the defensibility of this interpretation. Due to 

Score 0.435
Disclosures pursuant to a and a of the German Commercial Code and explanatory report 

Score 0.435
Evaluation of the process to identify taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned economic activities and the corresponding disclosures in the Combined Nonfinancial Statement 

Score 0.435
Inventories by major classification are as follows 

Score 0.434
Net sales Gross profit Other operating expenses EBITDA Operating profit Net lossincome from continuing operations n.a. Net lossIincome attributable to shareholders n.a. 

Score 0.433
Risks related to tax and customs regulations 

Score 0.431
Other legal and regulatory requirements 

Score 0.431
Minimum safeguards The company performing the activity must have implemented and adhere to minimum safeguards relating to human rights including labor rights briberycorruption taxation and fair competition. Reporting scope for fiscal year TheDelegated Regulation Delegated Regulation EU on Article of the Taxonomy specifies the content methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by financial and nonfinancial undertakings concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable economic activities in their business investments or lending activities. With the introduction of Delegated Regulation EU in and its amendment in Delegated Regulation EU the EU clarified the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation andor climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity does not cause any significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives. Furthermore in the EU enacted the Delegated Regulation EU establishing the Taxonomy eligibility and alignment criteria of economic activities for the remaining four environmental objectives mentioned above. However for the first year of application for adidas the reporting on the financial year only the proportion of Taxonomyeligible and noneligible activities in their total turnover net sales capital expenditure CapEx and operating expenditure OpEx KPIs need to be disclosed for the remaining four environmental objectives. For the environmental objectives of climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation as in the prior year it is necessary to provide information on the degree to which Taxonomyeligible economic activities are Taxonomyaligned and to disclose the corresponding financial KPIs. Despite the expansion of the Taxonomy disclosure requirements in the adidas core business activities i.e. the manufacturing of textiles and footwear as well as wholesale and retail sale thereof remain unmentioned in the delegated acts and therefore noneligible for any of the six environmental objectives. In addition as per Delegated Regulation EU we are required to provide specific disclosures on economic activities related to the fossil gas and nuclear energy sectors. We carried out related activities in due to the operation of a district heating plant in Germany although similar to not to a material extent. Thus the detailed disclosure requirements as per Annex XII of the Delegated Regulation do not apply to adidas. 

Score 0.43
 Includes two independent manufacturing partners who produce both footwear and apparel one independent manufacturing partner who produces both footwear and accessories and gear and four independent manufacturing partners who produce both apparel and accessories and gear. 

Score 0.43
e Administrative offices Distribution centers Own retail stores Showrooms Scope emissions marketbased in tons CO

Score 0.427
Net sales in AsiaPacific 

Score 0.425
. In the Companys consolidated financial statements revenues amounting to EUR million are reported. Revenue is recognized from the sale of goods in the Wholesale Ecommerce and Own retail sales channels if the Company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a specified asset to a customer. An asset is deemed to have been transferred if the customer obtains control of that asset. Revenue is recognized in the amount to which the Company has a claim when the power to control an asset is transferred. Customers of the Company have the option subject to certain conditions of exchanging or returning goods in exchange for a credit. The amounts regarding expected returns are estimated by the executive directors based on experiences with regard to historic return rates and accrued for a return provision against revenues. The asset embodying the right to receive goods returned by the customer is measured at the carrying amount of the respective inventories less settlement costs. The revenues have a significant influence on the Groups net profit or loss for the year and represent one of the most significant performance indicators for adidas. Due to the large transaction volume with respect to the sale of merchandise in three different sales channels and the potential risk in general of notional revenues and the uncertainty with regard to estimates of expected returns in our view the 

Score 0.425
Our wholesale channel where we clearly focus on partners that provide consumers with the best shopping experience and customer service could generate higherthanexpected sales and profit. In addition organic growth of our business in Latin America AsiaPacific and Emerging Markets could provide further upside potential in terms of sales and profit. 

Score 0.424
Apart from the members individual skills the Rules of Procedure of the Supervisory Board and of the Audit Committee also set out the tasks and responsibilities as well as the procedure for meetings and passing resolutions. These Rules of Procedure are available on our website. The Supervisory Board Report provides information on the activities of the Supervisory Board and its committees in the year under review. 

Score 0.421
 Change ChangecurrencyneutralNet sales Gross margin . . .pp Segmental operating profit Segmental operating margin . . .pp 

Score 0.421
as well as compliance with and observance of legal provisions and internal regulations by the Group companies. For this purpose the Executive Board sets up an Internal Control and Risk Management System adequate and effective in view of the scope of business activities and the companys risk situation which comprises a Compliance Management System aligned to the companys risk situation and also covers sustainabilityrelated objectives. The Executive Board also provides employees with the opportunity to report in an appropriate and protected manner suspected legal infringements within the company. The Executive Board is tied to the companys interests and obligated to strive for a sustainable increase in the value of the company. Notwithstanding the Executive Boards joint responsibility for managing the company the Executive Board members are individually responsible for managing their respective operations in accordance with the Business Allocation Plan for the Executive Board. There are no Executive Board committees. The Chief Executive Officer represents the Executive Board and the company and is in charge of the overall management and development of the company including cooperation with the Supervisory Board as well as coordination and supervision of the Executive Board members work the Executive Board areas operations brands and markets. The Executive Board members continually report to the Chief Executive Officer and to each other about all significant developments in their respective business areas and coordinate with each other on all crossfunctional measures. Collaboration within the Executive Board is further governed by the Rules of Procedure of the Executive Board and the Business Allocation Plan. These documents specifically stipulate requirements for meetings and resolutions as well as for cooperation with the Supervisory Board. The Executive Board and Supervisory Board cooperate closely and trustfully for the benefit of the company. The Executive Board reports to the Supervisory Board regularly extensively and in a timely manner on all matters relevant to the companys strategy planning business development financial position and compliance as well as on material business risks. Fundamental questions related to the corporate strategy and its implementation are thoroughly discussed and aligned with the Supervisory Board. The composition of the Executive Board is determined by the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board is committed to promoting a culture of diversity and inclusion at adidas. Diversity is understood in the broadest sense including age gender cultural origin nationality educational background professional qualifications and experience. Greater diversity on the Executive Board will help secure the longterm success of adidas by taking diverse perspectives into account. For this reason the Supervisory Board has adopted a diversity concept. In addition an age limit of years applies for Executive Board members. The General Committee of the Supervisory Board already takes the diversity concept into account when selecting candidates for Executive Board positions. Every decision by the Supervisory Board on the composition of the Executive Board is made in the best interests of the company and with due consideration of all circumstances in each individual case. In the opinion of the Supervisory Board the current composition of the Executive Board meets the diversity concept mentioned above. As at the balance sheet date no member of the Executive Board has accepted a Supervisory Board chair or more than two Supervisory Board mandates in nongroup listed companies or in supervisory bodies of nongroup companies with comparable requirements. 

Score 0.421
As at December the loss allowance for notcreditimpaired accounts receivable in the amount of million and creditimpaired accounts receivable in the amount of million was not recognized as adidas holds credit enhancement instruments mainly in the form of credit insurance and bank guarantees which mitigate the credit risk of those financial assets. There are no material balances of accounts receivable written off but subject to enforcement activity. Accounts receivable are derecognized when substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to the financial asset are transferred to a third party under factoring arrangements. As of December accounts receivable amounting to million million were derecognized in connection with factoring agreements in Japan. The purchase price corresponds to the nominal amount of the respective 

Score 0.421
adidas operates predominantly in one industry segment the design distribution and marketing of athletic and sports lifestyle products. As at December following the companys internal management reporting by markets and in accordance with the definition of IFRS Operating Segments five operating segments were identified EMEA North America AsiaPacific Greater China and Latin America. Each market comprises all wholesale retail and ecommerce business activities relating to the distribution and sale of products of the adidas brand to retail customers and end consumers. Other Businesses includes the business activities of the Y label and other subordinated businesses which are not monitored separately by the chief operating decisionmaker. Also certain centralized corporate functions do not meet the definition of IFRS for an operating segment. This includes in particular functions such as Global Brands and Global Sales central brand and distribution 

Score 0.421
. . . . . . . . . . Net lossincome attributable to shareholders in of net sales

Score 0.42
Dec. . Dec. . Forward exchange contracts Security deposits Earnout components Sundry Other noncurrent financial assets 

Score 0.419
A receivable is recognized if an amount of consideration that is unconditional is due from the customer i.e. if only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due. Accounts receivable that do not contain a significant financing component are recognized at the transaction price which represents the amount of consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Subsequently these are measured at amortized cost. 

Score 0.417
 Net lossgain on other equity investments IFRS net of tax Subtotal of items of other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss Items of other comprehensive income that will be reclassified to profit or loss when specific conditions are met Net loss on cash flow hedges and net foreign investment hedges net of tax Net gainloss on cost of hedging reserve options net of tax Net gainloss on cost of hedging reserve forward contracts net of tax Reclassification of foreign currency translation differences due to disposal of foreign operations Currency translation differences Subtotal of items of other comprehensive income that will be reclassified to profit or loss when specific conditions are met Other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income Attributable to shareholders of adidas AG Attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Score 0.417
Category December December Carrying amount Fair value Level Level Level Carrying amount Fair value Level Level Level 

Score 0.416
the accompanying consolidated financial statements comply in all material respects with the IFRSs as adopted by the EU and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Article e Abs. paragraph HGB Handelsgesetzbuch German Commercial Code and in compliance with these requirements give a true and fair view of the assets liabilities and financial position of the Group as at December and of its financial performance for the financial year from January to December and 

Score 0.416
Gross margin . . .pp Other operating expenses in of net sales . . .pp Operating margin . . .pp Effective tax rate . . .pp Net lossincome attributable to shareholders in of net sales . . n.a. Average operating working capital in of net sales . . .pp Equity ratio

Score 0.415
 Accumulated separate scores for the disclosed commodities of leather C and timber C. 

Score 0.414
Inventories 

Score 0.414
Supplementary information on the expenses by nature is detailed below. Cost of materials represents the amount of inventories recognized as an expense during the period. Depreciation of tangible and rightofuse assets amortization of intangible assets and impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses on those assets are primarily included within other operating expenses unless they are directly attributable to the production costs in which case the expenses are included within the cost of sales. Impairment losses on goodwill are presented as a separate line item in the consolidated income statement. Personnel expenses are primarily included within other operating expenses unless they are directly attributable to the production costs in which case the expenses are included within the cost of sales. Expenses relating to leases of lowvalue assets exclude shortterm leases of lowvalue assets. 

Score 0.414
Category December December Carrying amount Fair value Level Level Level Carrying amount Fair value Level Level Level Financial assets 

Score 0.413
For Taxonomyeligible activities at adidas the environmental objective of climate change mitigation is applicable not climate change adaptation since these activities are intended to positively impact our carbon footprint. Hence the Taxonomyeligible activities have been assessed according to the substantial contribution and DNSH criteria as laid out in Annex I to the Delegated Regulation EU . Since the identified Taxonomyeligible activities relate to the purchase of output from potentially Taxonomyaligned activities performing the Taxonomy assessment was dependent on the input of the relevant information from the respective thirdparty suppliers. Due to the expected time and resource investment necessary for assessing all individual projects and items contributing to the eligible activities we prioritized the assessment of those individual activities that were most material in terms of value andor were more likely to be Taxonomyaligned due to the availability of the necessary information. Eligible building leases relate to warehousesdistribution centers own retail stores and corporate offices. The applicable substantial contribution and DNSH criteria as set out in section . of Annex I of the Delegated Regulation predominantly relate to primary energy demand and climaterelated risks and adaptation solutions respectively in connection with the leased buildings. The substantial contribution criterion evidence which is most relevant for adidas in this regard is the existence of an Energy Performance Certificate EPC class A. Many of the eligible building leases are located outside of the EU where this EUcentric energy performance certification is not common practice and other standards and frameworks which are not mentioned in the Regulation are typically used e.g. LEED certification. In line with the generally low share of available nonresidential buildings meeting these energy performance standards across our markets only a few eligible leases in fulfill this criterion in particular the eligible retail leases for which adidas has very limited ability to influence the design andor 

Score 0.413
Some of the initial planned exposure for purchases and sales in foreign currencies ceased to exist which led to certain overhedge positions. In accordance with IFRS hedge accounting was immediately discontinued for hedging instruments that were no longer covered by a purchase or sales transaction and at the time the overhedged status was determined the fair value was transferred from the hedging reserve to the income statement. In a gain of million was reclassified into the net sales and a loss of million was reclassified into the cost of sales. In addition hedging instruments not designated as hedge accounting in accordance with IFRS were canceled to minimize the economic risk. 

Score 0.413
Dec. Dec. Accounts receivable and inventories of reportable segments Accounts receivable and inventories of Other Businesses Accounts receivable and inventories of HQ Current financial assets Other current assets Noncurrent assets Total 

Score 0.413
The potential release of valuation allowances on deferred tax assets or the release of tax risk reserves e.g. relating to transactions or internal reorganizations in prior years could positively impact income tax expense. In addition changes in local tax regulations may offer the company the option to realize benefits that could result in a reduction of tax expenses and higher net income. Furthermore we see potential in reducing the total amount of customs duties in the long term by increasing our sourcing from manufacturing partners in countries with more favorable customs treaties. 

Score 0.412
Dec. Dec. Land and buildings Technical equipment and machinery Other equipment furniture and fixtures Lease liabilities 

Score 0.411
amounts of adidasown retail stores break down into North America at million Greater China at million AsiaPacific at million EMEA at million and Latin America at million. In reversals of impairment losses of million were incurred. They mainly result from EMEA. The impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses were recognized in the other operating expenses. The income from subleasing of rightofuse assets recognized in the consolidated income statement in amounts to million million. Further information on total depreciation and amortization expenses impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses is provided in these Notes.

Score 0.41
They may be offered and sold as consideration for the acquisition of industrial property rights or intangible property rights or for the acquisition of licenses relating to such rights also through subordinated Group companies. 

Score 0.41
 Values reported cover production seasons SS and FW. Within Scope Purchased goods and services considers the production and processing of raw materials for which impacts are estimated based on quantities of materials and lifecycle analysis data. All key production processes are considered. Primary secondary and tertiary packaging material quantities are included. The quantities are estimated based on sales volumes using composition and weight assumptions from the Product Environmental Footprint Category Rules PEFCR. Furthermore Purchased goods and services also considers the assembly phase for which impacts are estimated by applying emission factors to reported energy consumption from Tier strategic suppliers. Sourcing volume data is used to estimate the impact of nonstrategic suppliers . Upstream transportation and distribution Quantities of goods for specified distribution routes are combined with transport emissions factors. Business travel Calculations are based on the business travel data system. Use of sold products Emissions caused by washing drying and ironing of sold products throughout their lifetime based on data on average care cycles from PEFCR and lifecycle analysis datasets. Endoflife treatment of old products Emissions caused by disposal of sold products are estimated based on sales volumes and typical waste disposal routes e.g. landfill and incineration. Scope and Impacts are calculated based on of reported environmental quantities primary data in the Health and Safety Environment and Energy HSEE own operations data collection systems and by estimations. The estimations are calculated by scaling up the primary data collected at the facility or site level to a companywide level on the basis of gross lease area in square meters. Intensity factor to calculate emissions per product excludes emissions resulting from Use of sold products to align with our GHG reduction target for as approved by the SBTi. Figures for Scope emissions in were revised following a methodology update. Scope emissions in applying the previous methodology totaled tons CO

Score 0.408
Our Global Sales function drives the commercial performance of the company by converting brand desire into profitable and sustained business growth. We aim to deliver the best service to our retail partners and the best shopping experience for our consumers across all touchpoints. Our goal is to establish scalable business solutions that deliver premium experiences thereby meeting and surpassing consumer expectations with an integrated brand offering

Score 0.408
Land and buildingsTechnical equipment and machinery Other equipment furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Property plant and equipmentDepreciation Impairment losses Reversals of impairment losses Disposals Transfers Decrease in companies consolidated Currency translation differences December Net carrying amount January December January December 

Score 0.407
 y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. CCM Climate Change Mitigation CCA Climate Change Adaptation WTR Water and Marine Resources PPC Pollution Prevention and Control CE Circular Economy BIO Biodiversity and Ecosystems. el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. The denominator of the CapEx KPI contains in accordance with the definition of the Taxonomy and as disclosed in this Annual Report additions to buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures rightofuse assets and other intangible assets before depreciation amortization and remeasurements. TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR COMPANY GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT FINANCIAL REVIEW CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

Score 0.407
Hedging reserve Cost of hedging reserveBalance at January Cash flow hedges Changes in fair value Foreign currency risk sales Foreign currency risk inventory purchases Foreign currency risk net foreign investment Amount no longer recognized in OCI Foreign currency risk Contracts during the year Amount included in the cost of nonfinancial items Foreign currency risk inventory purchases Tax on movements on reserves during the year Equity hedges Changes in fair value Amount reclassified to profit or loss Balance at December 

Score 0.407
 The number refers to the number of the company. Profit and loss transfer agreement. TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR COMPANY GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT FINANCIAL REVIEW CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

Score 0.406
Land and buildings Technical equipment and machinery Other equipment furniture and fixtures Rightofuse assetsJanuary Additions Disposals Depreciation Impairment losses Reversal of impairment losses Currency translation differences Other December 

Score 0.406
management central treasury and global sourcing as well as other headquarter functions. Assets liabilities income and expenses relating to these corporate functions are presented in the reconciliations. The chief operating decisionmaker for adidas has been defined as the entire Executive Board of adidasAG. Net sales represent revenue from contracts with customers. There are no intersegment sales between the reportable segments. Accounting and valuation policies applied for reporting segmental information are the same as those used for adidas.

Score 0.405
Hedging reserve Cost of hedging reserveBalance at January Cash flow hedges Changes in fair value Foreign currency risk sales Foreign currency risk inventory purchases Foreign currency risk net foreign investment Amount no longer recognized in OCI Foreign currency risk Contracts during the year Amount included in the cost of nonfinancial items Foreign currency risk inventory purchases Tax on movements of reserves during the year Equity hedges Changes in fair value Amount reclassified to profit or loss Balance at December 

Score 0.405
Sundry provisions mainly include provisions for onerous contracts as well as for dismantling and restoration costs. Noncurrent provisions mainly consist of provisions for longterm variable compensation components with a time frame of three to four years discounted with countryspecific interest rates. Management follows past experience from similar transactions when assessing the recognition and the measurement of provisions in particular external legal opinions are considered for provisions for customs risks and for litigation and other legal risks. All evidence from events until the preparation of the consolidated financial statements is taken into account. 

Score 0.404
Gross margin in AsiaPacific increased . percentage points to . . mainly driven by significantly better pricing a more favorable business mix and less discounting. At the same time unfavorable currency developments and increased supply chain costs significantly weighed on the gross margin development. Operating expenses were up to million versus million in driven by a highsingledigit increase in operating overheads. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales were up . percentage points to . .. Operating profit in AsiaPacific decreased to million from million in . Operating margin was down . percentage points to . versus . in as the gross margin increase was more than offset by higher operating expenses as a percentage of sales. 

Score 0.404
Amendments to IFRS Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback effective date January In September the IASB has issuedamendments to IFRS to clarify how a sellerlessee subsequently measures sale and leaseback transactions that satisfy the requirements in IFRS to be accounted for as a sale to ensure the sellerlessee does not recognize any amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. The amendments to IFRS are applicable for annual periods beginning on or after January and must be applied retrospectively to sale and leaseback transactions entered into after the date of initial application of IFRS . Earlier application is permitted when the fact is disclosed. The amendments are not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements of adidas. 

Score 0.404
 In the EU introduced Regulation EU to establish the EU Taxonomy framework Taxonomy. The purpose of the Taxonomy is to provide a common language and a clear definition of what is considered sustainable to direct investments toward sustainable economic activities. The Taxonomy will thereby support the EUs climate energy and European Green Deal targets. 

Score 0.402
IFRS category Subsequent measurement principle Subsequent measurement Fair value through profit or loss These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and losses including any interest or dividend income are recognized in profit or loss. Fair value through profit or loss Amortized cost These assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The amortized cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognized in profit or loss. Amortized cost Fair value through other comprehensive income debt instrument These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income calculated using the effective interest method foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognized in other comprehensive income. On derecognition accumulated gains and losses are reclassified to profit or loss. Fair value through other comprehensive income Fair value through other comprehensive income equity instrument These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognized as income in profit or loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Other gains and losses are recognized in other comprehensive income and are never reclassified to profit or loss. Fair value through other comprehensive income 

Score 0.402
Capital expenditure is defined as the total cash expenditure for the purchase of tangible and intangible assets excluding acquisitions and rightofuse assets according to IFRS . Capital expenditure decreased to million million. Capital expenditure for property plant and equipment was down to million compared to million in the prior year. The company invested million in intangible assets million. Depreciation and amortization excluding impairment losses and reversal of impairment losses of tangible and intangible assets decreased to million in million. Controlled space initiatives which comprise investments in new or remodeled own retail and franchise stores as well as in shopinshop presentations of our products in our customers stores accounted for of total capital expenditure . Expenditure for IT and logistics represented and respectively and respectively. In addition expenditure for administration accounted for . From a segmental perspective the majority of the capital expenditure was recorded centrally at headquarter level which accounted for . From a regional perspective capital 

Score 0.402
Total assets Inventories Receivables and other current assets Operating working capital Shareholders equity Capital expenditure Net cash generated fromused in operating activities

Score 0.401
authorized to the extent legally permissible to determine that the new shares will carry dividend rights from the commencement of the financial year directly preceding the year in which the shares are issued. Furthermore the Executive Board is authorized to stipulate additional details concerning the implementation of the contingent capital increase. The Executive Board is authorized subject to Supervisory Board approval to exclude shareholders subscription rights to the bonds insofar as this is necessary for residual amounts and also insofar as and to the extent that this is necessary for granting subscription rights to holders or creditors of bonds already issued before which they would be entitled to as shareholders upon exercising their option or conversion rights or upon fulfilling their option andor conversion obligations or upon exercising a right to delivery of shares referring to shares of the company. Finally the Executive Board is authorized subject to Supervisory Board approval to also exclude shareholders subscription rights insofar as the bonds are issued against contributions in cash and after the Executive Board has concluded following an examination in accordance with its legal duties that the issue price of the bonds is not significantly below the hypothetical market value computed using recognized in particular financial calculation methods and the number of shares issued does not exceed of the nominal capital neither at the point of becoming effective nor in case this amount is lower at the point of exercising the aforementioned authorization. Shares which are issued or sold in accordance with section sentence AktG during the term of this authorization until its utilization shall be attributed to the aforementioned limit of . Furthermore shares that are to be issued or granted during the term of this authorization on the basis of a bond issued with the exclusion of subscription rights in accordance with this provision utilizing another authorization shall be attributed to the aforementioned limit of . The total number of shares that are issued under bonds based on this authorization with the exclusion of subscription rights and shares that are issued from an authorized capital with the exclusion of subscription rights during the term of the authorization may not exceed of the nominal capital on the date of the entry of this authorization with the Commercial Register. In the period up until the balance sheet date the Executive Board of adidasAG did not issue any bonds based on the authorization granted on May and consequently did not issue any shares from the Contingent Capital . 

Score 0.4
A credit risk arises if a customer or other counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations. adidas is exposed to credit risks from its operating activities and from certain financing activities. Credit risks arise principally from accounts receivable and to a lesser extent from other thirdparty contractual financial obligations such as other financial assets shortterm bank deposits and derivative financial instruments. Without taking into account any collateral or other credit enhancements the carrying amount of financial assets and accounts receivable represents the maximum exposure to credit risk. At the end of there was no relevant concentration of credit risk by type of customer or geography. The companys credit risk exposure is mainly influenced by individual customer characteristics. Under the companys credit policy new customers are analyzed for creditworthiness before standard payment and delivery terms and conditions are offered. Tolerance limits for accounts receivable are also established for each customer. Both creditworthiness and accounts receivable limits are monitored on an ongoing basis. Customers that fail to meet the companys minimum creditworthiness are in general allowed to purchase products only on a prepayment basis. Other activities to mitigate credit risks include retention of title clauses as well as on a selective basis credit insurance the sale of accounts receivable without recourse and bank guarantees. Further quantitative information on the extent to which credit enhancements mitigate the credit risk of accounts receivable is included in these Notes.

Score 0.4
Year ending Dec. Year ending Dec. Income from transitional service agreements Income from release of accrued liabilities and other provisions Gains from disposal of fixed assets Sundry income Other operating income 

Score 0.377
A part of the adidas Group whose operations and cash flows can be clearly distinguished operationally and for financial reporting purposes from the other operating businesses is classified as a discontinued operation if the component has either been disposed of or is classified as held for sale and 