Scores_n_ADMINISTRATIVE AND SUPPORT SERVICE ACTIVITIESScore 0.583
represents a separate major line of business or geographic area of operations 

Score 0.494
B. Taxonomy noneligible activities

Score 0.492
ensure that all new and updated Taxonomyrelevant publications that have become available throughout the course of the year are adequately reflected in this report. Determination of Taxonomyeligible activities The core team reviewed the new delegated acts to the Taxonomy Regulation as they became available and analyzed the impact on the disclosure requirements compared to to ensure accuracy and completeness of our reporting. As mentioned above while the reporting requirement covers all six environmental objectives since the beginning of the main economic activities of our business model remain out of scope and we consequently have no turnovergenerating Taxonomyeligible activities to report on. As a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for 

Score 0.49
Evaluation of the process to identify taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned economic activities and the corresponding disclosures in the Combined Nonfinancial Statement 

Score 0.477
How about the performance side of the business 

Score 0.471
The executive directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the following nonaudited parts of the group management report 

Score 0.465
We ensure that the tax profile of our activities is aligned with the substance of the operating structures of our business. Accordingly transactions have commercial and economic substance and we do not put in place arrangements that are contrived or artificial. Our Transfer Pricing Policy requires that intragroup transactions be carried out on an armslength basis. As a result our profits are derived and taxed in the jurisdictions where value is created.

Score 0.463
is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. Discontinued operations are excluded from the net incomeloss from continuing operations and are presented as a single amount as gainloss from discontinued operations net of tax in the consolidated income statement. When an operation is classified as a discontinued operation the comparative consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of cash flows are restated and presented as if the operation had been classified as such from the start of the comparative year.

Score 0.463
 y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. CCM Climate Change Mitigation CCA Climate Change Adaptation WTR Water and Marine Resources PPC Pollution Prevention and Control CE Circular Economy BIO Biodiversity and Ecosystems. Net sales as reported in the Consolidated Income Statement. el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. 

Score 0.462
Other operating income consists of the following 

Score 0.462
These are parts of the nonfinancial statement that are covered by a separate limited assurance engagement. Term underlined in blue There is a detailed definition of this term in the glossary. 

Score 0.462
 y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. CCM Climate Change Mitigation CCA Climate Change Adaptation WTR Water and Marine Resources PPC Pollution Prevention and Control CE Circular Economy BIO Biodiversity and Ecosystems. el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.

Score 0.46
A.. Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities

Score 0.459
Expenses that are not directly attributable to the products or services sold such as distribution and selling as well as general and administration costs but not including marketing and pointofsale expenses. 

Score 0.458
 .. Transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehiclesCCM ..el nel nel nel nel nel .. Installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipmentCCM .. el nel nel nel nel nel .. Acquisition and ownership of buildings building leasesCCM .. el nel nel nel nel nel CapEx of taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities A.. Total A.. A.. 

Score 0.457
Economic activities Code

Score 0.456
 Excludes ERG and individual hours of voluntary work. TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR COMPANYGROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT FINANCIAL REVIEW CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

Score 0.452
Foreign exchange contracts sales Other financial assets liabilities Net Sales Net Sales Foreign exchange contracts inventory purchases Other financial assets liabilities Cost of sales Cost of sales Foreign exchange contracts net foreign invest ments Other financial assets liabilities Financial result Financial result Total return swap LongTerm Incentive Plans Other financial assets liabilities Financial result Other operating expenses 

Score 0.451
Global Operations manages the development production planning sourcing and distribution of our companys products. The function strives to increase efficiency throughout the companys supply chain and ensures the highest standards in product quality availability and delivery. With the consumer in mind we deliver competitively priced products that drive our sustainability ambitions and are available when and where the consumer wants them. 

Score 0.449
In our opinion the sections denoted with 

Score 0.449
is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographic area of operations or 

Score 0.448
OpEx of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities A.. A. OpEx of taxonomyeligible activities A.. A.. 

Score 0.444
Audit services Other confirmation services Tax consultancy services Other services Sum 

Score 0.438
 y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. CCM Climate Change Mitigation CCA Climate Change Adaptation WTR Water and Marine Resources PPC Pollution Prevention and Control CE Circular Economy BIO Biodiversity and Ecosystems. el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. The denominator of the CapEx KPI contains in accordance with the definition of the Taxonomy and as disclosed in this Annual Report additions to buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures rightofuse assets and other intangible assets before depreciation amortization and remeasurements. TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR COMPANY GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT FINANCIAL REVIEW CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

Score 0.435
Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement Other operating income 

Score 0.434
On a subsidiary level where applicable and economically reasonable local managing directors and finance directors are responsible for managing treasury matters in their respective subsidiaries. Controlling functions on a corporate level ensure that the transactions of the individual business units are in compliance with our Treasury Policy. 

Score 0.433
Turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities A.Total A.. A.

Score 0.431
Expenses are presented by function according to the cost of sales method in the income statement with the exception of impairment losses net on accounts receivable and contract assets which are disclosed in a separate line item as required by IFRS Financial Instruments. Other operating expenses presented by functions include marketing and pointofsale expenses distribution and selling expenses and general and administration expenses as well as sundry expenses less any income from government grants if applicable. Marketing and pointofsale expenses consist of promotion and communication spending such as promotion contracts advertising events and other communication activities. However they do not include marketing overhead expenses which are presented in distribution and selling expenses. The distribution and selling expenses consist of sales force and sales administration costs direct and indirect supply chain costs and marketing overhead expenses as well as expenses for research and development which amounted to million in million. General and administration expenses include the functions IT Finance Legal Human Resources and FacilitiesServices as well as General Management. Sundry expenses consist mainly of costs for onetime effects as well as losses from disposal of fixed assets. 

Score 0.431
Turnover of taxonomy noneligible activities BTotal A B

Score 0.43
Expenditure that relates to pointofsale and marketing investments. While pointofsale investments include expenses for advertising and promotion initiatives at the point of sale as well as store fittings and furniture marketing investments relate to sponsorship contracts with teams and individual athletes as well as to advertising events and other communication activities. Marketing overhead expenses are not included in marketing expenditure. 

Score 0.426
Opportunities related to order and supply management 

Score 0.422
Tasks and topics for the entire Supervisory Board 

Score 0.422
Other operating expenses

Score 0.422
Other operating expenses 

Score 0.422
 Other operating expenses

Score 0.419
Tasks of the Supervisory Board 

Score 0.419
performed a limited assurance engagement on the sections denoted with 

Score 0.419
Operating expense controlManagement puts high emphasis on tightly controlling operating expenses. This requires a particular focus on ensuring flexibility in the companys cost base especially in marketing and operating overhead expenses. More broadly marketing expenditure is one of our largest operating expenses and at the same time one of the most important mechanisms for driving brand desirability and topline growth. Therefore we are committed to both increasing investments into our brand and products as well as ensuring the effectiveness and efficiency of our marketing activities. We also aim at improving our operational efficiency by actively managing our operating overhead expenses. In addition to leveraging our topline growth we regularly review our operational structure to simplify business processes and eliminate redundancies. 

Score 0.417
The line item Sundry mainly relates to payables due to customs authorities. Further information about forward exchange contracts is contained in these Notes.

Score 0.417
Tasks and topics for the committees 

Score 0.414
The overview below outlines the major input and output factors as well as the outcomes of our business activities. More detailed information on all aspects shown can be found in the respective sections of this Annual Report. An interactive version of the graphic is provided online. 

Score 0.413
Land and buildings Technical equipment and machinery Other equipment furniture and fixtures Rightofuse assetsJanuary Additions Disposals Depreciation Impairment losses Reversal of impairment losses Currency translation differences Other December 

Score 0.412
 Other includes for example material storage housekeeping or waste management. 

Score 0.412
Net sales third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realized. Noncurrent assets are allocated to the geographic market based on the domicile of the respective subsidiary independent of the segmental structure and consist of tangible assets goodwill trademarks other intangible assets rightofuse assets and other noncurrent assets. 

Score 0.41
Other provisions consist of the following 

Score 0.41
nonfinancial statement to comply with b to e HGB and with b to c HGB included in different places of the group management report

Score 0.408
They may be offered and sold as consideration for the acquisition of industrial property rights or intangible property rights or for the acquisition of licenses relating to such rights also through subordinated Group companies. 

Score 0.408
performed a reasonable assurance engagement on the sections denoted with 

Score 0.408
These are parts of the nonfinancial statement that are covered by a separate reasonable assurance engagement. 

Score 0.408
Further information on expenses by function is provided in these Notes.

Score 0.408
Sales and gross margin development Management focuses on identifying and exploiting growth opportunities that not only provide for future topline improvements but also have potential to increase our gross margin. Major levers include reducing promotional activity and driving full price sales optimizing our pricing product and market mix as well as managing product and supply chain costs. 

Score 0.407
In the line item Sundry mainly relates to marketing expenses. 

Score 0.406
Assessment of Taxonomy alignment of Taxonomyeligible activities 

Score 0.406
Description of business model 

Score 0.406
 in the Combined Nonfinancial Statement for the period from January to December have been prepared in all material respects in accordance with c in conjunction with c to e HGB.Based on the assurance procedures performed and evidence obtained nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the sections denoted with 

Score 0.405
Substantial contribution The activity makes a substantial contribution to one of the environmental objectives by meeting the technical screening criteria defined for this economic activity. 

Score 0.405
At the start of the financial year the Groups internal reporting structure was adjusted for management purposes. Since January the EMEA market has been divided into two separate markets Europe and Emerging Markets. Russia is allocated to the other businesses as it is no longer monitored separately by the chief operating decisionmakers due to the discontinuation of business activities. In addition the AsiaPacific market has been split into two separate markets Japan and South Korea and Southeast Asia and Pacific have been merged with the new Emerging Markets market. The North America Latin America and China markets remain unchanged. In line with this reporting structure of the company for management purposes by market and in accordance with the definition of IFRS Operating Segments seven operating segments have thus been identified as of January Europe Emerging Markets North America China Latin America Japan and South Korea. Due to the small size of the two operating segments Japan and South Korea they are combined for external segment reporting as JapanSouth Korea. Due to the change in the operating segments and the associated groups of cashgenerating units both a reallocation of goodwill and an impairment test of goodwill were carried out as at January . There was no need for impairment in this context. No other companyspecific subsequent events are known that might have a material influence on the assets liabilities financial position and profit or loss of the company. 

Score 0.404
The results of the operating segments are reported in the line item Segmental operating profit. This is defined as gross profit minus other operating expenses plus royalty and commission income and other operating income attributable to the segment without considering headquarter costs and central expenditure for marketing. Segmental assets include accounts receivable as well as inventories. Only these items are reported to the chief operating decisionmaker on a regular basis. Depreciation amortization impairment losses except for goodwill and reversals of impairment losses as well as capital expenditure for tangible and intangible assets are part of the segmental reporting even though segmental assets do not contain tangible and intangible assets. Depreciation and amortization as well as impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses not directly attributable to a segment are presented under line items HQ and Consolidation in the reconciliations. Segmental liabilities only contain accounts payable from operating activities as there are no other liability items reported regularly to the chief operating decisionmaker. Interest income and interest expenses as well as income taxes are not allocated to the reportable segments and are not reported separately to the chief operating decisionmaker. 

Score 0.403
We seek a cooperative relationship with tax authorities. We respond to information requests whether formal or informal and on a casebycase basis decide whether to take the initiative in communicating business developments of particular significance to the local tax authorities. During we were not involved in the public policy regarding tax law or tax law changes in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate. 

Score 0.402
Opportunities related to tax and customs regulations 

Score 0.402
Investments in other equity instruments held for trading FAHfT Investments in other equity instruments FVTPL Investments in other equity instruments FVOCI Earnout components assets 

Score 0.4
Our presentation of these key audit matters has been structured in each case as follows . Matter and issue . Audit approach and findings . Reference to further information Hereinafter we present the key audit matters 

Score 0.131
Estimated useful lives of intangible assets 

Score 0.177
IFRS Insurance Contracts and Amendments to IFRS effective date January The new standard covers the recognition and measurement presentation and disclosure related to all types of insurance contracts. IFRS is effective for reporting periods beginning on or after January and replaces IFRS Insurance Contracts. IFRS had no material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

Score 0.342
In principle all investments in equity instruments are measured at fair value through profit or loss. At initial recognition an entity may make an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair value of an investment in an equity instrument that is neither held for trading nor a contingent consideration acquired by a purchaser in a business combination. This election is made on an investmentbyinvestment basis. All financial assets which are not classified as measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income as described above are measured at fair value through profit or loss. Financial assets are only reclassified when the business model for managing financial assets is changed in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified. The subsequent measurement of financial assets is as follows 

Score 0.097
YearsSoftware Patents and licenses Websites 

Score 0.156
The consolidated financial statements of adidasAG as at December comprise adidasAG and its subsidiaries and are prepared in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS as endorsed by the European Union EU as at December and the additional requirements pursuant to e section German Commercial Code Handelsgesetzbuch HGB. The following amendments to existing standards and interpretations are effective for financial years beginning on January and have been applied for the first time to these consolidated financial statements 

Score 0.236
Amendments to IAS Definition of Accounting Estimates effective date January In February the IASB issued amendments to IAS in which it introduces a definition of accounting estimates. The amendments clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in accounting policies and the correction of errors. Also they clarify how entities use measurement techniques and inputs to develop accounting estimates. The amendments apply to changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates that occur on or after the start of the effective date. The amendments had no material impact on adidas consolidated financial statements.

Score 0.061
adidasAG is a listed German stock corporation and parent of the adidas Group located at AdiDasslerStr. Herzogenaurach Germany and is entered into the commercial register at the Local Court of Fürth HRB . adidasAG and its subsidiaries collectively adidas the Group or the company design develop produce and market a broad range of athletic and sports lifestyle products.

Score 0.296
Research and development 

Score 0.272
Expenditure during the development phase of internally generated intangible assets is capitalized as incurred if it fulfills the recognition criteria under IAS Intangible Assets. Development costs for internally generated intangible assets are capitalized from the date on which the recognition criteria set out in IAS Intangible Assets are first met. The capitalized development costs are amortized on a systematic basis from the day the intangible assets are available for use. 

Score 0.27
Amendments to IAS International Tax Reform Pillar Two Model Ruleseffective date January In May the IASB issued International Tax ReformPillar Two Model Rules amendments to IAS to clarify the application of IAS Income Taxes to income taxes arising from tax law enacted or substantively enacted to implement the OECD Pillar Two Model Rules. The amendments include a temporary exception to the accounting for deferred taxes arising from the implementation of the Pillar Two model rules and additional disclosure requirements for affected entities with the aim to help users of the financial statements better understand an entitys exposure to the Pillar Two Model Rules. The required disclosures are provided in the Note of Income Taxes. 

Score 0.294
Amendments to IAS and IFRS Practice Statement Disclosure of Accounting Policies effective date January In February the IASB issued amendments to IAS and IFRS Practice Statement Making Materiality Judgements in which it provides guidance and examples to help entities apply materiality judgments to accounting policy disclosures. The amendments aim to help entities provide accounting policy disclosures that are more useful by replacing the requirement for entities to disclose their significant accounting policies with a requirement to disclose their material accounting policies and adding guidance on how entities apply the concept of materiality in making decisions about accounting policy disclosures. The amendments to IAS are applicable for annual periods beginning on or after January . Since the amendments to the Practice Statement provide nonmandatory guidance on the application of the definition of material to accounting policy information an effective date for these amendments is not necessary. The amendments have led to a selective reduction in the disclosures on accounting policies.

Score 0.246
Amendments to IAS Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction effective date January In May the Board issued amendments to IAS which narrow the scope of the initial recognition exemption under IAS so that it no longer applies to transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. The amendments should be applied to transactions that occur on or after the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented. In addition at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented a deferred tax asset provided that sufficient taxable profit is available and a deferred tax liability should also be recognized for all deductible and taxable temporary differences associated with leases and decommissioning obligations. The amendments had no material impact on adidas in particular since adidas did not apply the initial recognition exemption in the context of leases under IFRS . 

Score 0.193
Intangible assets with definite useful lives are valued at amortized cost. Amortization is calculated on a straightline basis over the estimated useful life taking into account any potential residual value. 

Score 0.228
Intangible assets except goodwill 

Score 0.212
New standards and interpretations as well as amendments to existing standards and interpretations are usually not applied by adidas before the EU effective date. The following new standards and interpretations and amendments to existing standards and interpretations issued by the IASB endorsed by the EU and which are effective for financial years beginning after January have not been applied in preparing these consolidated financial statements 

Score 0.252
Goodwill is carried in the functional currency of the acquired foreign entity. 

Score 0.284
Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. This results when the purchase cost exceeds the fair value of acquired identifiable assets liabilities and contingent liabilities. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of a foreign entity and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets received liabilities and contingent liabilities are treated as assets liabilities and contingent liabilities of the respective reporting entity and are translated at exchange rates prevailing at the date of the initial consolidation. Goodwill arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses impairmentonly approach. 

Score 0.227
principle the rightofuse asset is depreciated on a straightline basis over the lease term or the useful life of the leased asset whichever is shorter. adidas applies judgment in determining the lease term for lease contracts including extension or termination options. The assessment of whether the options are reasonably certain to be exercised has an impact on the lease term and therefore may significantly affect the measurement of lease liabilities and rightofuse assets respectively. Lease contract renegotiations that result in changes to the original contractual conditions e.g. changes in scope consideration including discounts and concessions or lease term are treated as lease modifications. Depending on the circumstances of the renegotiation either lease modifications are accounted for as a new separate contract or they trigger a remeasurement of the lease liability using the discounted future lease payments. In the latter case a corresponding adjustment is made to the rightofuse asset with in some instances a difference recognized in profit or loss. Lease reassessments are the result of changes in assumptions or judgments such as changes in lease term due to amended estimates surrounding existing extension and termination options. It is necessary to remeasure the lease liability using the discounted or existing future lease payments and make a corresponding adjustment to the rightofuse asset. 

Score 0.25
After the commencement date lease payments are split into redemption payments and interest payments. The lease liability is subsequently measured by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest cost on the lease liability using the effective interest rate and reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made. The carrying amount of the lease liability is remeasured provided any reassessmentslease modifications occur including changes in the assessment of whether an extension or termination option is reasonably certain to be exercised. At the commencement date the rightofuse asset is initially measured at cost which is comprised of the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee and an estimate of costs to be incurred by adidas in dismantling and removing the underlying asset restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease. The rightofuse asset is subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability. In 

Score 0.183
adidas assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease according to IFRS Leases at the inception of the contract. IFRS defines a lease as a contract that conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. A contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset if the lessee has the right to obtain substantially all the economic benefits from the use of the identified asset e.g. by having the exclusive right to use the asset throughout that period and the right to direct the use of the identified asset throughout the period of use. In its role as a lessee adidas leases various types of assets particularly buildings retail stores offices warehouses etc. land technical equipment and machinery warehouse equipment production machines etc. motor vehicles and computer hardware as well as furniture and fixtures. Lease contracts are typically negotiated for fixed periods of up to years but may include extension or termination options. Lease terms are negotiated individually and may contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. adidas makes use of the recognition exemption in IFRS to not recognize rightofuse assets and lease liabilities for leases of lowvalue assets i.e. value of the underlying asset when new is or less and shortterm leases shorter than twelve months and the agreement does not include a purchase option. Lease payments for lowvalue leases are recognized as expenses as they are incurred over the lease term. Furthermore adidas exercises the option for lessees to combine lease payments with payments for nonlease components in the calculation of the lease liability and rightofuse asset for all lease asset classes except for corporate real estate. adidas recognizes a rightofuse asset and a corresponding lease liability at the lease commencement date. At the commencement date adidas initially measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at that date. This includes fixed payments including insubstance fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable variable lease payments based on an index or a rate amounts expected to be payable by adidas under residual value guarantees the exercise price of a purchase option if adidas is reasonably certain to exercise that option and payments of penalties for terminating the lease if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option. Other variable lease payments are excluded from the measurement of the lease liability. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If this rate cannot be readily determined adidas uses its incremental borrowing rate. Generally adidas uses the incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. It is adjusted to reflect the countryspecific risk the credit risk of adidas collateral from the change in value of the leased asset the contract currencyspecific risk and the lease term. 

Score 0.209
Impairment losses for financial assets measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income debt instrument are recognized in accordance with IFRS Financial Instruments. The standard requires that not only historical data but also future expectations and projections are taken into consideration when accounting for impairment losses expected credit loss model. adidas consistently applies the simplified approach and recognizes lifetime expected credit losses for all accounts receivable. In order to calculate a collective loss allowance all accounts receivable sharing similar credit risk characteristics are allocated into several portfolios based on geographical regions and macroeconomic indicators. Historical payment and aging patterns for accounts receivable are analyzed individually for each of the portfolios to determine the probability of default which is further adjusted by forwardlooking factors derived primarily from the Credit Default Swap CDS spreads of the countries where adidas runs its operations. The adjusted probability of default is then applied in combination with a loss given default and exposure at default as a percentage rate to calculate the expected credit loss for each portfolio and aging bucket. The percentage rates are reviewed on a regular basis to ensure that they reflect the latest data on credit risk. In case objective evidence of credit impairment is observed for accounts receivable from a specific customer a detailed analysis of the credit risk is performed and an appropriate individual loss allowance is recognized for this customer. Accounts receivables are considered to be in default when it is expected that the debtor will not fulfill its credit obligations toward adidas. Cash and cash equivalents measured at amortized cost are subject to a general impairment approach under IFRS. adidas applies the low credit risk exemption for the majority of such instruments due to the low credit risk for these investments which is based on the investment grade of their counterparties defined by the company as equivalent of BBB or higher. A significant increase of credit risk is assumed for cash and cash equivalents when the instruments are more than days past due. adidas monitors the credit risk associated with cash and cash equivalents taking into consideration the economic environment external credit ratings andor CDS spreads of counterparty financial institutions and using established exposure limits. Expected credit loss of cash and cash equivalents is calculated based on the probability of default and recovery rates derived from CDS spreads or external credit ratings of the counterparties. Cash and cash equivalents are considered to be in default when they are more than days past due. Other financial assets within the scope of IFRS impairment analysis include mainly security deposits as well as accounts receivable from credit card companies and electronic marketplaces. The credit risk associated with such financial assets is determined based on the economic environment external credit ratings andor CDS spreads of counterparty financial institutions. Other financial assets are considered to be in default when they are more than days past due. Objective evidence that credit impairment of financial assets has occurred includes for instance significant financial difficulty of the debtorissuer indications of their potential bankruptcy the deterioration of the market for their products and general macroeconomic problems. The gross carrying amount of financial assets is written off when adidas based on a casebycase assessment assumes that their recovery is no longer possible. Impairment losses on accounts receivable are presented in the line item Impairment losses net on accounts receivable and contract assets. 

Score 0.214
Impairment losses on financial assets 

Score 0.253
Research costs are expensed in full as incurred. Development costs for internally generated intangible assets are also expensed as incurred if they do not meet the recognition criteria of IAS Intangible Assets. 

Score 0.302
Borrowings e.g. Eurobonds and other liabilities are recognized at fair value net of transaction costs incurred. In subsequent periods borrowings are stated at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Any difference between proceeds net of transaction costs and the redemption value is recognized in the consolidated income statement over the term of the borrowing. Compound financial instruments e.g. convertible bonds are divided into a liability component shown under borrowings and into an equity component resulting from conversion rights. The equity component is included in the capital reserve. The fair value of the liability component is determined by discounting the interest and principal payments of a comparable liability without conversion rights applying riskadjusted interest rates. The liability component is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The equity component is determined as the difference between the fair value of the total compound financial instrument and the fair value of the liability component and is reported within equity. There is no subsequent measurement of the equity component. At initial recognition directly attributable transaction costs are assigned to the equity and liability component pro rata on the basis of the respective carrying amounts. 

Score 0.256
 Prior year adjusted due to Hyperinflation accounting. The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR COMPANY GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT FINANCIAL REVIEW CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

Score 0.263
Borrowings and other liabilities 

Score -0.003
the single most likely amount or 

Score 0.153
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

Score 0.205
Income tax is recognized in the consolidated income statement unless it relates to items recognized directly in equity in which case it is recognized in equity. Deferred tax relating to items recognized outside profit or loss is recognized outside profit or loss. Deferred tax items are recognized in correlation to the underlying transaction either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. When there is uncertainty over income tax treatments adidas recognizes and measures current or deferred tax assets or liabilities applying the requirements of IAS and IFRIC . On a casebycase basis adidas determines whether to consider each uncertain tax treatment separately or together with one or more other uncertain tax treatments depending on which approach better predicts the resolution of the uncertainty. Where it is not considered probable that the tax authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment adidas reflects the effects of the uncertainty by using one of the following methods depending on which method better predicts the resolution of the uncertainty 

Score 0.193
Current income taxes are computed in accordance with the applicable taxation rules established in the countries in which adidas operates. adidas computes deferred taxes for all temporary differences between the carrying amount and the tax base of its assets and liabilities as well as for tax loss carryforwards. As it is not permitted to recognize a deferred tax liability for the initial recognition of goodwill adidas does not compute any deferred taxes thereon. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realized or the liability is settled based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards that exceed taxable temporary differences are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that the entity concerned will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the associated benefit. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized. 

Score 0.148
Income taxes 

Score 0.191
adidas receives government grants in the form of subsidies subventions or premiums from local national or international government authorities such as those of the Free State of Bavaria the Federal Republic of Germany and the European Union. Government grants are recognized if there is adequate certainty that the grants will be received and that the company satisfies the conditions attached. Government grants are reported in the consolidated income statement as a deduction from the related expenses. 

Score 0.179
Government grants 

Score 0.257
Interest is recognized as income or expense as incurred using the effective interest method with the exception of interest that is directly attributable to the acquisition construction or production of a qualifying asset. This interest is capitalized as part of the cost of the qualifying asset. Interest paid is presented within the net cash used in financing activities. 

Score 0.274
Advance payments for media campaigns are included in prepaid expenses within other current and noncurrent assets until the services are received and upon receipt are expensed in full. Significant costs for media campaigns are expensed on a straightline basis over the intended duration of the media campaign. Promotional expenses including onetime upfront payments for promotion contracts are principally expensed on a straightline basis over the term of the agreement. 

Score 0.305
Advertising and promotional expenditure 

Score 0.245
depending on the timing of yearly payments received from customers. The performance obligation related to these contract assets and liabilities is satisfied over the life of the contract i.e. the guaranteed minimum income per year is evenly distributed over twelve months whereby payments are recorded as arranged in the contract with the customer. 

Score 0.299
Revenue derived from the sale of goods is recognized when adidas has satisfied the respective performance obligation by transferring the promised goods to the customer. The goods are transferred at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the respective goods. The timing of the transfer of control depends on the individual terms of the sales agreement terms of delivery. The amount of revenue to be recognized is determined based on the consideration adidas expects to be entitled to in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer taking into account returns discounts and rebates. Under certain conditions and in accordance with contractual agreements the companys customers have the right to return products and to either exchange them for similar or other products or to return the products against the issuance of a credit note. Amounts for estimated returns related to revenues are accrued based on past experience of average return rates and average actual return periods by means of a refund liability. The return assets are measured at the carrying amount of the inventoriesproducts less any handling costs and any potential impairment. Provided that the customers meet certain predefined conditions adidas grants its customers different types of globally aligned performancebased rebates. Examples include rebates for customers increasing adidas product sales for customer loyalty and for sellout support e.g. through retail spacefranchise store management. As soon as it is assumed that the customer fulfills the requirements for being granted the rebate this amount is recognized as a sales deduction via an accrued liability for marketing and sales. In addition adidas generates revenue from the licensingout of the right to use the brands to third parties. The resulting salesbased royalty and commission income is recognized based on the contract terms on an accrual basis i.e. revenue is already realized even though the payment takes place at a later point in time. Contracts with guaranteed minimum income result in contract assets and contract liabilities 