Scores_e_WATER SUPPLY; SEWERAGE, WASTE MANAGEMENT AND REMEDIATION ACTIVITIESScore 0.685
Waste management 

Score 0.578
 Other includes for example material storage housekeeping or waste management. 

Score 0.548
We make continuous efforts toward optimizing waste diversion across our supply chain with the aim of increasing the value of waste within the life cycle e.g. through recycling or reuse. We have developed waste management guidelines to help our suppliers improve waste segregation in manufacturing prioritizing recycling and reuse of nonhazardous waste. These guidelines specify that the nonrecyclable waste materials should not be directly landfilled. We developed a waste diversion program to use nonrecyclable manufacturing waste in energy production in collaboration with coprocessing partners in our major sourcing countries. Coprocessing is a proven and sustainable solution that can reduce pollution reduce consumption of natural resources reduce landfill space and ultimately contribute to a smaller carbon footprint. To further optimize waste diversion we have scaled up this solution across the globe especially in sourcing countries with immature coprocessing infrastructure. Globally the suppliers enrolled in our environmental program collectively achieved a landfill diversion in .At own operations during we continued to focus on improving the quality of wasterelated data from our administrative offices and distribution centers by upskilling team members on the data collection process of waste streams. This resulted in a higher data quality but also a lower diversion rate. As of of our own operations by square meters are monitoring and tracking waste. By the end of a total of tons tons of waste was generated and we achieved an accumulated diversion rate of for administrative offices and distribution centers.

Score 0.545
 Including social and environmental assessments excluding ZDHC wastewater assessments . TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR COMPANYGROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT FINANCIAL REVIEW CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

Score 0.544
Waste diversion supply chain 

Score 0.542
 Waste waste diversion rate Supply chain Energy Adoption of renewable energy at strategic Tier and Tier supplier facilities to keep emissions flat Water water consumption intensity reduction at Tier supplier facilities Chemicals Input of chemical formulations used by our suppliers for production achieve the highest level of conformance with ZDHC MRSL Level Wastewater Output of suppliers that operate onsite effluents plants to achieve ZDHC Wastewater Foundational Level Product Sustainable article offering out of articles will be sustainable meaning that they are to a significant degree made with environmentally preferred materials

Score 0.541
OpEx of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned A..

Score 0.506
 .. Transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehiclesCCM ..el nel nel nel nel nel .. Installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipmentCCM .. el nel nel nel nel nel .. Acquisition and ownership of buildings building leasesCCM .. el nel nel nel nel nel CapEx of taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities A.. Total A.. A.. 

Score 0.501
 Chemical management

Score 0.499
total product output value in US compared to the baseline. By we aim to achieve an overall reduction in water intensity of against the baseline. This will be accomplished with the aid of new technologies and through continued support for our suppliers. At our own operations globally we aim to strengthen water efficiency and wastewater projects in the coming years. By the end of our water intensity at administrative offices and distribution centers totaled . m

Score 0.497
Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned A..

Score 0.492
Turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities A.Total A.. A.

Score 0.489
Wet processes 

Score 0.489
e Purchased goods and services Upstream transportation and distribution Business travel Use of sold products Endoflife treatment of sold products Total emissions in tons CO

Score 0.485
.. Transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles CCM ..n nel nel nel nel neln nn nn nyE.. Installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment CCM ..n nel nel nel nel neln nn nn n yE.. Acquisition and ownership of buildings building leases CCM ..y nel nel nel nel nely yy yy y yECapEx of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned A.. y yy yy y yof which enabling y yy yy y yEof which transitional n nn nn n nT 

Score 0.483
The Taxonomy is a classification system for environmentally sustainable economic activities. An economic activity is considered Taxonomyeligible if it is described in one of the delegated acts of the Taxonomy and has the potential to support the achievement of at least one of the following six environmental objectives Climate change mitigation Climate change adaptation Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources Transition to a circular economy Pollution prevention and control Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. For an activity to be considered and reported as environmentally sustainable i.e. Taxonomyaligned the following three prerequisites must be fulfilled 

Score 0.477
ensure that all new and updated Taxonomyrelevant publications that have become available throughout the course of the year are adequately reflected in this report. Determination of Taxonomyeligible activities The core team reviewed the new delegated acts to the Taxonomy Regulation as they became available and analyzed the impact on the disclosure requirements compared to to ensure accuracy and completeness of our reporting. As mentioned above while the reporting requirement covers all six environmental objectives since the beginning of the main economic activities of our business model remain out of scope and we consequently have no turnovergenerating Taxonomyeligible activities to report on. As a result the following eligible economic activities have been identified for 

Score 0.472
Q Q Q TotalEligible sustainable projects per category Sustainable materials Sustainable processes Community engagement Cumulated eligible sustainable project expenditure Unallocated proceeds 

Score 0.471
Environmental assessment

Score 0.464
yn ynynynynyn ynin ETA. Taxonomyeligible activitiesA.. Environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned

Score 0.463
Upgrading targets for cleaner wastewater discharge Ensuring clean wastewater discharge is of paramount importance to us. We consistently surpassed our targets with of our supplier facilities meeting the ZDHC wastewater foundational level in resulting from our proactive approach to evaluating effluent treatment plants and implementing corrective measures. Following a continuous overperformance we increased our target from initially to now aiming for of facilities that should meet this level by . We have done so despite the fact that we anticipate revisions of the ZDHC wastewater guideline next year for which we do not yet have full visibility of the new parameters to report on. We will continue to guide our suppliers through capacity building and best practice sharing to ensure a smooth transition to the application of the new guidelines. 

Score 0.452
Nuclear energyrelated activities The undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle. no The undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies. no The undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades. no Fossil gasrelated activities The undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels. no The undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of combined heatcool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels. no The undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heatcool using fossil gaseous fuels. no 

Score 0.451
is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographic area of operations or 

Score 0.45
intended by management less any accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is recognized for those assets with the exception of land and construction in progress over the estimated useful life utilizing the straightline method and taking into account any potential residual value. Parts of an item of property plant and equipment with a cost that is significant in relation to the total cost of the item are depreciated separately. 

Score 0.448
A.. Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities

Score 0.446
 y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. CCM Climate Change Mitigation CCA Climate Change Adaptation WTR Water and Marine Resources PPC Pollution Prevention and Control CE Circular Economy BIO Biodiversity and Ecosystems. el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. The denominator of the CapEx KPI contains in accordance with the definition of the Taxonomy and as disclosed in this Annual Report additions to buildings technical equipment and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures rightofuse assets and other intangible assets before depreciation amortization and remeasurements. TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR COMPANY GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT FINANCIAL REVIEW CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

Score 0.446
 y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. CCM Climate Change Mitigation CCA Climate Change Adaptation WTR Water and Marine Resources PPC Pollution Prevention and Control CE Circular Economy BIO Biodiversity and Ecosystems. el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.

Score 0.441
ynynynynynynynin ETA. Taxonomyeligible activitiesA.. Environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned

Score 0.439
volume of water withdrawal compared to due to reduced operations at some locations. Overall we achieved an accumulative reduction of compared to the baseline . m

Score 0.437
Property plant and equipment 

Score 0.431
 y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. CCM Climate Change Mitigation CCA Climate Change Adaptation WTR Water and Marine Resources PPC Pollution Prevention and Control CE Circular Economy BIO Biodiversity and Ecosystems. Net sales as reported in the Consolidated Income Statement. el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomynoneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. 

Score 0.43
Substantial contribution The activity makes a substantial contribution to one of the environmental objectives by meeting the technical screening criteria defined for this economic activity. 

Score 0.43
Environmental approach 

Score 0.427
We follow up on all cases of noncompliance and require our manufacturing partners to remediate open issues within a specified timeframe. While in many cases the actual issues will have been resolved our approach is to only close these in our systems when we have verified evidence of completion and established that corrective actions taken are sustainable and sufficient to avoid reoccurrence.To support remediation and ensure effective management systems are in place we undertake capacity building 

Score 0.425
Wet processes are defined as waterintense processes such as dyeing and finishing of materials. 

Score 0.424
Taking into account the recommendations of the Code the Rules of Procedure of the Supervisory Board and the Rules of Procedure of the Audit Committee clarify that the Supervisory Boards supervision and advising activities also include in particular sustainability issues. Accordingly nonfinancial reporting and its audit are part of accounting and the annual audit which fall within the Audit Committees sphere of responsibility. Further information on the competency profile for the entire Supervisory Board and the expertise of the individual Supervisory Board members in sustainability issues relevant to the company are outlined in the qualification matrix below. 

Score 0.421
Supplementary information on the expenses by nature is detailed below. Cost of materials represents the amount of inventories recognized as an expense during the period. Depreciation of tangible and rightofuse assets amortization of intangible assets and impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses on those assets are primarily included within other operating expenses unless they are directly attributable to the production costs in which case the expenses are included within the cost of sales. Impairment losses on goodwill are presented as a separate line item in the consolidated income statement. Personnel expenses are primarily included within other operating expenses unless they are directly attributable to the production costs in which case the expenses are included within the cost of sales. Expenses relating to leases of lowvalue assets exclude shortterm leases of lowvalue assets. 

Score 0.42
OpEx of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities A.. A. OpEx of taxonomyeligible activities A.. A.. 

Score 0.416
The overview below outlines the major input and output factors as well as the outcomes of our business activities. More detailed information on all aspects shown can be found in the respective sections of this Annual Report. An interactive version of the graphic is provided online. 

Score 0.415
Further information on expenses by function is provided in these Notes.

Score 0.414
 Proportion of turnover Climate change mitigation Climate change adaptation Water Pollution Circular economy Biodiversity Climate change mitigation Climate change adaptation Water Pollution Circular economy Biodiversity Minimum safeguards Proportion of taxonomyaligned A.. oreligible A.. turnover Category enabling activity Category transitional activity in millionsin yn nel

Score 0.412
Expenditure for repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred. Renewals and improvements are capitalized and depreciated separately if the recognition criteria are met. 

Score 0.411
Property plant and equipment are measured at amortized cost. This comprises all costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner 

Score 0.408
Water consumption supply chain 

Score 0.407
Land and buildingsTechnical equipment and machinery Other equipment furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Property plant and equipmentAcquisition cost January Additions Disposals Transfers Decrease in companies consolidated Currency translation differences December January Additions Disposals Transfers Decrease in companies consolidated Currency translation differences December Accumulated depreciation and impairment January Depreciation Impairment losses Reversals of impairment losses Disposals Transfers Decrease in companies consolidated Currency translation differences December January 

Score 0.407
. In the Companys consolidated statement of financial position inventories amounting to EUR million of total assets are reported. Inventories are initially recognized at cost taking into account directly attributable incidental acquisition costs and cost reductions. The carrying amount of recognized inventories must be reduced if the inventories are damaged or partially obsolete and the expected net realizable values are less than the costs. At the balance sheet date the costs are compared against the net realizable values which are determined by deducting the directly attributable selling costs to be incurred prior to sale of the inventories from the sales proceeds expected to be generated. 

Score 0.404
Tier suppliers enrolled in our sourcing sustainability program. In addition a total of wastewater test assessments were conducted according to the ZDHC Wastewater Guidelines. As we continue to increase our focus on addedvalue advisory services and empowerment projects which go beyond our regular audit routine the number of internally managed audits decreased to in with assessments of all assessments performed by thirdparty monitors .

Score 0.403
Apart from the members individual skills the Rules of Procedure of the Supervisory Board and of the Audit Committee also set out the tasks and responsibilities as well as the procedure for meetings and passing resolutions. These Rules of Procedure are available on our website. The Supervisory Board Report provides information on the activities of the Supervisory Board and its committees in the year under review. 

Score 0.402
Further information on the principles of our management 

Score 0.4
Land and buildingsTechnical equipment and machinery Other equipment furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Property plant and equipmentDepreciation Impairment losses Reversals of impairment losses Disposals Transfers Decrease in companies consolidated Currency translation differences December Net carrying amount January December January December 

Score 0.302
Intangible assets with definite useful lives are valued at amortized cost. Amortization is calculated on a straightline basis over the estimated useful life taking into account any potential residual value. 

Score 0.21
Impairment losses for financial assets measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income debt instrument are recognized in accordance with IFRS Financial Instruments. The standard requires that not only historical data but also future expectations and projections are taken into consideration when accounting for impairment losses expected credit loss model. adidas consistently applies the simplified approach and recognizes lifetime expected credit losses for all accounts receivable. In order to calculate a collective loss allowance all accounts receivable sharing similar credit risk characteristics are allocated into several portfolios based on geographical regions and macroeconomic indicators. Historical payment and aging patterns for accounts receivable are analyzed individually for each of the portfolios to determine the probability of default which is further adjusted by forwardlooking factors derived primarily from the Credit Default Swap CDS spreads of the countries where adidas runs its operations. The adjusted probability of default is then applied in combination with a loss given default and exposure at default as a percentage rate to calculate the expected credit loss for each portfolio and aging bucket. The percentage rates are reviewed on a regular basis to ensure that they reflect the latest data on credit risk. In case objective evidence of credit impairment is observed for accounts receivable from a specific customer a detailed analysis of the credit risk is performed and an appropriate individual loss allowance is recognized for this customer. Accounts receivables are considered to be in default when it is expected that the debtor will not fulfill its credit obligations toward adidas. Cash and cash equivalents measured at amortized cost are subject to a general impairment approach under IFRS. adidas applies the low credit risk exemption for the majority of such instruments due to the low credit risk for these investments which is based on the investment grade of their counterparties defined by the company as equivalent of BBB or higher. A significant increase of credit risk is assumed for cash and cash equivalents when the instruments are more than days past due. adidas monitors the credit risk associated with cash and cash equivalents taking into consideration the economic environment external credit ratings andor CDS spreads of counterparty financial institutions and using established exposure limits. Expected credit loss of cash and cash equivalents is calculated based on the probability of default and recovery rates derived from CDS spreads or external credit ratings of the counterparties. Cash and cash equivalents are considered to be in default when they are more than days past due. Other financial assets within the scope of IFRS impairment analysis include mainly security deposits as well as accounts receivable from credit card companies and electronic marketplaces. The credit risk associated with such financial assets is determined based on the economic environment external credit ratings andor CDS spreads of counterparty financial institutions. Other financial assets are considered to be in default when they are more than days past due. Objective evidence that credit impairment of financial assets has occurred includes for instance significant financial difficulty of the debtorissuer indications of their potential bankruptcy the deterioration of the market for their products and general macroeconomic problems. The gross carrying amount of financial assets is written off when adidas based on a casebycase assessment assumes that their recovery is no longer possible. Impairment losses on accounts receivable are presented in the line item Impairment losses net on accounts receivable and contract assets. 

Score 0.188
Estimated useful lives of intangible assets 

Score 0.372
If facts and circumstances indicate that noncurrent assets e.g. property plant and equipment as well as intangible assets including goodwill and contract assets might be impaired the recoverable amount is determined. This is measured at the higher of fair value less costs of disposal net disposal price and value in use. Recoverable amount is determined on an individual asset level unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. If this is the case recoverable amount is determined for the cashgenerating unit to which the asset belongs. The fair value is measured at Level according to IFRS Fair Value Measurement. An impairment loss is recognized in other operating expenses or reported in goodwill impairment losses if the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount. The impairment test for goodwill is performed based on groups of cashgenerating units which represent the lowest level within the company at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. If there is an impairment loss for a group of cashgenerating units then first the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the group of cashgenerating units is reduced. Subsequently provided that the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount the other noncurrent assets of the group of cashgenerating units are reduced pro rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the group of cashgenerating units. In allocating an impairment loss the carrying amount of an individual asset is not reduced below its fair value. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the cashgenerating unit and groups of cashgenerating units. Irrespective of whether there is an impairment indication intangible assets with an indefinite useful life intangible assets not yet available for use and goodwill acquired in business combinations are tested annually on December for impairment. In the case that indicators for impairment are present at any point in time other than on December these assets are also tested for impairment at this point in time. An impairment loss recognized in goodwill is not reversible. With respect to all other impaired assets an impairment loss recognized in prior periods is only reversed such as it affects the consolidated income statement if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An 

Score 0.227
impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the assets carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined net of depreciation or amortization if no impairment loss had been recognized. 

Score 0.198
Impairment losses on financial assets 

Score 0.245
adidas assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease according to IFRS Leases at the inception of the contract. IFRS defines a lease as a contract that conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. A contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset if the lessee has the right to obtain substantially all the economic benefits from the use of the identified asset e.g. by having the exclusive right to use the asset throughout that period and the right to direct the use of the identified asset throughout the period of use. In its role as a lessee adidas leases various types of assets particularly buildings retail stores offices warehouses etc. land technical equipment and machinery warehouse equipment production machines etc. motor vehicles and computer hardware as well as furniture and fixtures. Lease contracts are typically negotiated for fixed periods of up to years but may include extension or termination options. Lease terms are negotiated individually and may contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. adidas makes use of the recognition exemption in IFRS to not recognize rightofuse assets and lease liabilities for leases of lowvalue assets i.e. value of the underlying asset when new is or less and shortterm leases shorter than twelve months and the agreement does not include a purchase option. Lease payments for lowvalue leases are recognized as expenses as they are incurred over the lease term. Furthermore adidas exercises the option for lessees to combine lease payments with payments for nonlease components in the calculation of the lease liability and rightofuse asset for all lease asset classes except for corporate real estate. adidas recognizes a rightofuse asset and a corresponding lease liability at the lease commencement date. At the commencement date adidas initially measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at that date. This includes fixed payments including insubstance fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable variable lease payments based on an index or a rate amounts expected to be payable by adidas under residual value guarantees the exercise price of a purchase option if adidas is reasonably certain to exercise that option and payments of penalties for terminating the lease if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option. Other variable lease payments are excluded from the measurement of the lease liability. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If this rate cannot be readily determined adidas uses its incremental borrowing rate. Generally adidas uses the incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. It is adjusted to reflect the countryspecific risk the credit risk of adidas collateral from the change in value of the leased asset the contract currencyspecific risk and the lease term. 

Score 0.332
Expenditure during the development phase of internally generated intangible assets is capitalized as incurred if it fulfills the recognition criteria under IAS Intangible Assets. Development costs for internally generated intangible assets are capitalized from the date on which the recognition criteria set out in IAS Intangible Assets are first met. The capitalized development costs are amortized on a systematic basis from the day the intangible assets are available for use. 

Score 0.213
Intangible assets except goodwill 

Score 0.347
After the commencement date lease payments are split into redemption payments and interest payments. The lease liability is subsequently measured by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest cost on the lease liability using the effective interest rate and reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made. The carrying amount of the lease liability is remeasured provided any reassessmentslease modifications occur including changes in the assessment of whether an extension or termination option is reasonably certain to be exercised. At the commencement date the rightofuse asset is initially measured at cost which is comprised of the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee and an estimate of costs to be incurred by adidas in dismantling and removing the underlying asset restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease. The rightofuse asset is subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability. In 

Score 0.28
principle the rightofuse asset is depreciated on a straightline basis over the lease term or the useful life of the leased asset whichever is shorter. adidas applies judgment in determining the lease term for lease contracts including extension or termination options. The assessment of whether the options are reasonably certain to be exercised has an impact on the lease term and therefore may significantly affect the measurement of lease liabilities and rightofuse assets respectively. Lease contract renegotiations that result in changes to the original contractual conditions e.g. changes in scope consideration including discounts and concessions or lease term are treated as lease modifications. Depending on the circumstances of the renegotiation either lease modifications are accounted for as a new separate contract or they trigger a remeasurement of the lease liability using the discounted future lease payments. In the latter case a corresponding adjustment is made to the rightofuse asset with in some instances a difference recognized in profit or loss. Lease reassessments are the result of changes in assumptions or judgments such as changes in lease term due to amended estimates surrounding existing extension and termination options. It is necessary to remeasure the lease liability using the discounted or existing future lease payments and make a corresponding adjustment to the rightofuse asset. 

Score 0.268
Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. This results when the purchase cost exceeds the fair value of acquired identifiable assets liabilities and contingent liabilities. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of a foreign entity and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets received liabilities and contingent liabilities are treated as assets liabilities and contingent liabilities of the respective reporting entity and are translated at exchange rates prevailing at the date of the initial consolidation. Goodwill arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses impairmentonly approach. 

Score 0.204
Goodwill is carried in the functional currency of the acquired foreign entity. 

Score 0.212
ANNUAL REPORT

Score 0.238
Provisions and accrued liabilities 

Score 0.01
YearsSoftware Patents and licenses Websites 

Score 0.026
Sharebased payment 

Score 0.149
adidas receives government grants in the form of subsidies subventions or premiums from local national or international government authorities such as those of the Free State of Bavaria the Federal Republic of Germany and the European Union. Government grants are recognized if there is adequate certainty that the grants will be received and that the company satisfies the conditions attached. Government grants are reported in the consolidated income statement as a deduction from the related expenses. 

Score 0.138
Income taxes 

Score 0.231
Current income taxes are computed in accordance with the applicable taxation rules established in the countries in which adidas operates. adidas computes deferred taxes for all temporary differences between the carrying amount and the tax base of its assets and liabilities as well as for tax loss carryforwards. As it is not permitted to recognize a deferred tax liability for the initial recognition of goodwill adidas does not compute any deferred taxes thereon. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realized or the liability is settled based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards that exceed taxable temporary differences are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that the entity concerned will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the associated benefit. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized. 

Score 0.227
Income tax is recognized in the consolidated income statement unless it relates to items recognized directly in equity in which case it is recognized in equity. Deferred tax relating to items recognized outside profit or loss is recognized outside profit or loss. Deferred tax items are recognized in correlation to the underlying transaction either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. When there is uncertainty over income tax treatments adidas recognizes and measures current or deferred tax assets or liabilities applying the requirements of IAS and IFRIC . On a casebycase basis adidas determines whether to consider each uncertain tax treatment separately or together with one or more other uncertain tax treatments depending on which approach better predicts the resolution of the uncertainty. Where it is not considered probable that the tax authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment adidas reflects the effects of the uncertainty by using one of the following methods depending on which method better predicts the resolution of the uncertainty 

Score 0.041
the single most likely amount or 

Score 0.182
the expected value based on the sum of the probabilityweighted amounts. In assessing whether and how an uncertain tax treatment affects the determination of taxable profits tax losses tax bases unused tax losses unused tax credits and tax rates adidas assumes that a taxation authority will examine amounts it has a right to examine and will have full knowledge of all relevant information when making those examinations. 

Score 0.225
The cost of equitysettled sharebased payment transactions with employees is determined by the fair value at the grant date using an appropriate valuation model.That cost is recognized in personnel expenses together with a corresponding increase in equity retained earnings over the period in which the service and where applicable the performance conditions are fulfilled the vesting period. The cumulative expense recognized for equitysettled transactions at each reporting date until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the companys best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. 

Score 0.278
Interest is recognized as income or expense as incurred using the effective interest method with the exception of interest that is directly attributable to the acquisition construction or production of a qualifying asset. This interest is capitalized as part of the cost of the qualifying asset. Interest paid is presented within the net cash used in financing activities. 

Score 0.265
Serviceindependent and nonmarket performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the fair value of awards at the grant date but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the companys best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. If the estimate is changed even a credit in the consolidated income statement for the period can be possible as it reflects the movement in cumulative expenses from the beginning to the end of that period. No expense is recognized for awards that do not ultimately vest if nonmarket performance andor service conditions have not been met. Equitysettled sharebased payment transactions with parties other than employees are generally measured at the fair value of the goods or services received except where the fair value cannot be estimated reliably in which case they are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments granted measured at the date the entity obtains the goods or the counterparty renders the service. For cashsettled sharebased payment transactions the goods or services acquired and the liability incurred are measured at the fair value of the liability. Until the liability is settled the fair value of the liability is remeasured at the end of each reporting period and at the date of settlement with all changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss for the period. 

Score 0.023
Estimation uncertainties and judgments 

Score 0.198
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of assumptions and estimates that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. Although such estimates are based on the best of our knowledge of current events and actions actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. In assumptions and estimates continued to be significantly impacted especially by the increased macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges. As a result of the termination of the Yeezy partnership judgments were made in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in particular with regard to the valuation of existing inventories as well as in the assessment of the litigation risks in the context of the ongoing arbitration proceedings including the counterclaim filed by the defendants. 

Score 0.255
The key assumptions concerning further future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the balance sheet date which have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are outlined in the respective Notes which include in particular accounts receivable inventories

Score 0.306
rightofuseassets goodwill other provisions pensions derivatives and income taxes as well as other financial commitments and contingencies. 

Score 0.197
Judgments have also been used in determining the lease term for lease contracts.

Score 0.083
Government grants 

Score 0.247
Advance payments for media campaigns are included in prepaid expenses within other current and noncurrent assets until the services are received and upon receipt are expensed in full. Significant costs for media campaigns are expensed on a straightline basis over the intended duration of the media campaign. Promotional expenses including onetime upfront payments for promotion contracts are principally expensed on a straightline basis over the term of the agreement. 

Score 0.324
Research and development 

Score 0.297
Provisions and expenses for pensions and similar obligations relate to the companys obligations for defined benefit and defined contribution plans. The obligations under defined benefit plans are determined separately for each plan by valuing the employee benefits accrued in return for their service during the current and prior periods. These benefit accruals are discounted to calculate their present value and the 

Score 0.289
Research costs are expensed in full as incurred. Development costs for internally generated intangible assets are also expensed as incurred if they do not meet the recognition criteria of IAS Intangible Assets. 

Score 0.238
Borrowings and other liabilities 

Score 0.332
Borrowings e.g. Eurobonds and other liabilities are recognized at fair value net of transaction costs incurred. In subsequent periods borrowings are stated at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Any difference between proceeds net of transaction costs and the redemption value is recognized in the consolidated income statement over the term of the borrowing. Compound financial instruments e.g. convertible bonds are divided into a liability component shown under borrowings and into an equity component resulting from conversion rights. The equity component is included in the capital reserve. The fair value of the liability component is determined by discounting the interest and principal payments of a comparable liability without conversion rights applying riskadjusted interest rates. The liability component is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The equity component is determined as the difference between the fair value of the total compound financial instrument and the fair value of the liability component and is reported within equity. There is no subsequent measurement of the equity component. At initial recognition directly attributable transaction costs are assigned to the equity and liability component pro rata on the basis of the respective carrying amounts. 

Score 0.288
Provisions are recognized when there is a present obligation legal or constructive to third parties that has been incurred as a result of a past event when the amount of the obligation can be estimated reliably and when it is probable that there will be an outflow of resources. In general all provisions are uncertain as to their maturity or amount. The expense relating to a provision is presented in the consolidated income statement. Noncurrent provisions are discounted if the effect of the time value of money is material with the interest expense being reported as financial expenses. 

Score 0.242
Accrued liabilities are liabilities to pay for goods or services that have been received or supplied but have not been paid invoiced or formally agreed with the supplier including amounts due to employees. The uncertainty regarding amount or timing of accrued liabilities is generally much less than for provisions. 

Score 0.202
Pensions and similar obligations 

Score 0.267
fair value of any plan assets is deducted in order to determine the net liability. The discount rate is set on the basis of yields of highquality fixedrate corporate bonds at the balance sheet date provided there is a deep market for such corporate bonds in a given currency. Otherwise government bond yields are used as a reference. Calculations are performed by qualified actuaries using the projected unit credit method in accordance with IAS Employee Benefits. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution plans are recognized as an expense in the consolidated income statement as incurred. 

Score 0.262
Advertising and promotional expenditure 

Score 0.178
Contingent liabilities 

Score 0.221
Contingent liabilities are possible obligations that arise from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of adidas. Additionally contingent liabilities may be present obligations that arise from past events but which are not recognized because it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability. Contingent liabilities are not recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position but are disclosed and explained in the Notes.

Score 0.081
Treasury shares 

Score 0.274
When adidas AG shares are repurchased and recognized as treasury shares the amount of the consideration paid which includes directly attributable costs net of any tax effects is recognized as a deduction from equity. The nominal value of per treasury share is debited to share capital. Any premium or discount to the nominal value is shown as an adjustment to the retained earnings. If treasury shares are sold or reissued the nominal value of the shares will be credited to share capital and the amount exceeding the nominal value will be added to the retained earnings. 

Score 0.302
Revenue derived from the sale of goods is recognized when adidas has satisfied the respective performance obligation by transferring the promised goods to the customer. The goods are transferred at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the respective goods. The timing of the transfer of control depends on the individual terms of the sales agreement terms of delivery. The amount of revenue to be recognized is determined based on the consideration adidas expects to be entitled to in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer taking into account returns discounts and rebates. Under certain conditions and in accordance with contractual agreements the companys customers have the right to return products and to either exchange them for similar or other products or to return the products against the issuance of a credit note. Amounts for estimated returns related to revenues are accrued based on past experience of average return rates and average actual return periods by means of a refund liability. The return assets are measured at the carrying amount of the inventoriesproducts less any handling costs and any potential impairment. Provided that the customers meet certain predefined conditions adidas grants its customers different types of globally aligned performancebased rebates. Examples include rebates for customers increasing adidas product sales for customer loyalty and for sellout support e.g. through retail spacefranchise store management. As soon as it is assumed that the customer fulfills the requirements for being granted the rebate this amount is recognized as a sales deduction via an accrued liability for marketing and sales. In addition adidas generates revenue from the licensingout of the right to use the brands to third parties. The resulting salesbased royalty and commission income is recognized based on the contract terms on an accrual basis i.e. revenue is already realized even though the payment takes place at a later point in time. Contracts with guaranteed minimum income result in contract assets and contract liabilities 

Score 0.242
depending on the timing of yearly payments received from customers. The performance obligation related to these contract assets and liabilities is satisfied over the life of the contract i.e. the guaranteed minimum income per year is evenly distributed over twelve months whereby payments are recorded as arranged in the contract with the customer. 

Score 0.193
Impairment losses on nonfinancial assets 