Scores_h_TRANSPORTATION AND STORAGEScore 0.68
. Transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles including company car leases 

Score 0.573
 Transportation 

Score 0.548
The following table presents a reconciliation of the carrying amount of property plant and equipment 

Score 0.534
The line item Sundry mainly relates to payables due to customs authorities. Further information about forward exchange contracts is contained in these Notes.

Score 0.526
e Purchased goods and services Upstream transportation and distribution Business travel Use of sold products Endoflife treatment of sold products Total emissions in tons CO

Score 0.513
We regularly track the environmental impact related to the transport of our goods. Compared to the previous year performance remained relatively stable. While the use of air freight decreased to in as part of our efforts to counterbalance covidrelated supply chain challenges the vast majority of our transportation continued to take place via sea freight and truck. 

Score 0.51
 .. Transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehiclesCCM ..el nel nel nel nel nel .. Installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipmentCCM .. el nel nel nel nel nel .. Acquisition and ownership of buildings building leasesCCM .. el nel nel nel nel nel CapEx of taxonomy eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities A.. Total A.. A.. 

Score 0.486
Other provisions consist of the following 

Score 0.462
Dec. . Dec. . Forward exchange contracts Security deposits Earnout components Sundry Other noncurrent financial assets 

Score 0.45
Expenses are presented by function according to the cost of sales method in the income statement with the exception of impairment losses net on accounts receivable and contract assets which are disclosed in a separate line item as required by IFRS Financial Instruments. Other operating expenses presented by functions include marketing and pointofsale expenses distribution and selling expenses and general and administration expenses as well as sundry expenses less any income from government grants if applicable. Marketing and pointofsale expenses consist of promotion and communication spending such as promotion contracts advertising events and other communication activities. However they do not include marketing overhead expenses which are presented in distribution and selling expenses. The distribution and selling expenses consist of sales force and sales administration costs direct and indirect supply chain costs and marketing overhead expenses as well as expenses for research and development which amounted to million in million. General and administration expenses include the functions IT Finance Legal Human Resources and FacilitiesServices as well as General Management. Sundry expenses consist mainly of costs for onetime effects as well as losses from disposal of fixed assets. 

Score 0.447
Dec. Dec. Land and buildings Technical equipment and machinery Other equipment furniture and fixtures Lease liabilities 

Score 0.443
represents a separate major line of business or geographic area of operations 

Score 0.44
.. Transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles CCM ..n nel nel nel nel neln nn nn nyE.. Installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment CCM ..n nel nel nel nel neln nn nn n yE.. Acquisition and ownership of buildings building leases CCM ..y nel nel nel nel nely yy yy y yECapEx of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned A.. y yy yy y yof which enabling y yy yy y yEof which transitional n nn nn n nT 

Score 0.435
Other provisions 

Score 0.435
The carrying amounts of recognized derivative financial instruments which are subject to the agreements mentioned here are also presented in the following table 

Score 0.435
Property plant and equipment 

Score 0.43
YearsLand indefinite Buildings and leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Technical equipment and machinery as well as other equipment 

Score 0.43
Marketing provisions mainly consist of provisions for promotion contracts which are comprised of obligations to clubs and athletes. Provisions for personnel mainly consist of provisions for short and longterm variable compensation components as well as of provisions for social plans relating to restructuring measures. Provisions for returns and warranty primarily arise due to the obligation of fulfilling customer claims with regard to the return of products sold by adidas. The amount of the provision follows the historical development of returns and warranty as well as current agreements. Provisions for taxes other than income taxes mainly relate to value added tax real estate tax and motor vehicle tax. 

Score 0.429
Category December December Carrying amount Fair value Level Level Level Carrying amount Fair value Level Level Level Financial assets 

Score 0.427
Total assets Inventories Receivables and other current assets Operating working capital Shareholders equity Capital expenditure Net cash generated fromused in operating activities

Score 0.427
Expenses that are not directly attributable to the products or services sold such as distribution and selling as well as general and administration costs but not including marketing and pointofsale expenses. 

Score 0.425
Land and buildings Technical equipment and machinery Other equipment furniture and fixtures Rightofuse assetsJanuary Additions Disposals Depreciation Impairment losses Reversal of impairment losses Currency translation differences Other December 

Score 0.424
Sundry provisions mainly include provisions for onerous contracts as well as for dismantling and restoration costs. Noncurrent provisions mainly consist of provisions for longterm variable compensation components with a time frame of three to four years discounted with countryspecific interest rates. Management follows past experience from similar transactions when assessing the recognition and the measurement of provisions in particular external legal opinions are considered for provisions for customs risks and for litigation and other legal risks. All evidence from events until the preparation of the consolidated financial statements is taken into account. 

Score 0.419
The following table presents a reconciliation of the carrying amount of rightofuse assets 

Score 0.419
Land and buildingsTechnical equipment and machinery Other equipment furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Property plant and equipmentAcquisition cost January Additions Disposals Transfers Decrease in companies consolidated Currency translation differences December January Additions Disposals Transfers Decrease in companies consolidated Currency translation differences December Accumulated depreciation and impairment January Depreciation Impairment losses Reversals of impairment losses Disposals Transfers Decrease in companies consolidated Currency translation differences December January 

Score 0.418
Dec. Dec. GrossvalueAllowance for obsoles cence Net value Gross valueAllowance for obsoles cence Net valueMerchandise and finished goods on hand Goods in transit Raw materials Work in progress Inventories 

Score 0.418
In the line item Sundry mainly relates to marketing expenses. 

Score 0.418
Land and buildingsTechnical equipment and machinery Other equipment furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Property plant and equipmentDepreciation Impairment losses Reversals of impairment losses Disposals Transfers Decrease in companies consolidated Currency translation differences December Net carrying amount January December January December 

Score 0.415
Economic activities Code

Score 0.414
Category December December Carrying amount Fair value Level Level Level Carrying amount Fair value Level Level Level 

Score 0.414
. In the Companys consolidated statement of financial position inventories amounting to EUR million of total assets are reported. Inventories are initially recognized at cost taking into account directly attributable incidental acquisition costs and cost reductions. The carrying amount of recognized inventories must be reduced if the inventories are damaged or partially obsolete and the expected net realizable values are less than the costs. At the balance sheet date the costs are compared against the net realizable values which are determined by deducting the directly attributable selling costs to be incurred prior to sale of the inventories from the sales proceeds expected to be generated. 

Score 0.413
Goods in transit mainly relate to shipments of finished goods and merchandise from suppliers in Asia to subsidiaries in Europe North America Asia and Latin America. Expenses from writedown on inventories amounted to million in million. As of December inventories include Yeezy products in the amount of approximately million. This includes impairment losses of million in which were recognized based on management estimates. 

Score 0.413
Service arrangements 

Score 0.412
existence and accrual of revenues from the sale of merchandise were of particular significance in the context of our audit. . With respect to the audit of the existence and accrual of revenue we first assessed the design implementation and operating effectiveness of internal controls including the functioning of ITbased controls with respect to outgoing goods and the acceptance of goods invoices and the payment settlement. In addition we examined the presentation of revenue recognition in the Groupwide accounting policy to assess whether it complied with IFRS . Furthermore in the context of substantive audit procedures we obtained evidence in particular delivery certificates invoices and receipts of payments of the existence and accrual of revenue in order to assess whether the recognized and accrues revenues were based on a corresponding shipment or transfer of goods. In addition we evaluated the mathematical correctness of the executive directors calculation of expected returns. We compared the expected returns against historical sales channelspecific return rates and the returned merchandise recorded in the financial accounting records. We were able to satisfy ourselves that the estimates and assumptions made by the executive directors in connection with the appropriate accounting treatment of the revenue were sufficiently substantiated and documented. . The Companys disclosures relating to the accounting policies applied with respect to the recognition of revenue from merchandise are contained in section of the notes to the consolidated financial statements Summary of significant accounting policies. 

Score 0.406
Other current assets consist of the following 

Score 0.405
 Assets Gross amounts of recognized financial assets Financial instruments which qualify for setoff in the statement of financial position Net amounts of financial assets presented in the statement of financial position Setoff possible due to master agreements Total net amount of financial assets Liabilities Gross amounts of recognized financial liabilities Financial instruments which qualify for setoff in the statement of financial position Net amounts of financial liabilities presented in the statement of financial position Setoff possible due to master agreements Total net amount of financial liabilities 

Score 0.405
 Other includes for example material storage housekeeping or waste management. 

Score 0.405
Foreign exchange contracts sales Other financial assets liabilities Net Sales Net Sales Foreign exchange contracts inventory purchases Other financial assets liabilities Cost of sales Cost of sales Foreign exchange contracts net foreign invest ments Other financial assets liabilities Financial result Financial result Total return swap LongTerm Incentive Plans Other financial assets liabilities Financial result Other operating expenses 

Score 0.405
Land and buildings Technical equipment and machinery Other equipment furniture and fixtures Rightofuse assetsJanuary Additions Disposals Depreciation Impairment losses Reversal of impairment losses Currency translation differences Net change due to remeasurements December 

Score 0.401
Further information on expenses by function is provided in these Notes.

Score 0.357
is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographic area of operations or 

Score 0.047
YearsSoftware Patents and licenses Websites 

Score 0.087
Estimated useful lives of intangible assets 

Score 0.256
A part of the adidas Group whose operations and cash flows can be clearly distinguished operationally and for financial reporting purposes from the other operating businesses is classified as a discontinued operation if the component has either been disposed of or is classified as held for sale and 

Score 0.307
Expenditure during the development phase of internally generated intangible assets is capitalized as incurred if it fulfills the recognition criteria under IAS Intangible Assets. Development costs for internally generated intangible assets are capitalized from the date on which the recognition criteria set out in IAS Intangible Assets are first met. The capitalized development costs are amortized on a systematic basis from the day the intangible assets are available for use. 

Score 0.203
Intangible assets with definite useful lives are valued at amortized cost. Amortization is calculated on a straightline basis over the estimated useful life taking into account any potential residual value. 

Score 0.194
Intangible assets except goodwill 

Score 0.329
Dec. Dec. Cash and cash equivalents Equity instruments Bonds Real estate Pension plan reinsurance Investment funds Other assets Fair value of plan assets 

Score 0.241
Goodwill is carried in the functional currency of the acquired foreign entity. 

Score 0.176
Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. This results when the purchase cost exceeds the fair value of acquired identifiable assets liabilities and contingent liabilities. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of a foreign entity and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets received liabilities and contingent liabilities are treated as assets liabilities and contingent liabilities of the respective reporting entity and are translated at exchange rates prevailing at the date of the initial consolidation. Goodwill arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses impairmentonly approach. 

Score 0.25
principle the rightofuse asset is depreciated on a straightline basis over the lease term or the useful life of the leased asset whichever is shorter. adidas applies judgment in determining the lease term for lease contracts including extension or termination options. The assessment of whether the options are reasonably certain to be exercised has an impact on the lease term and therefore may significantly affect the measurement of lease liabilities and rightofuse assets respectively. Lease contract renegotiations that result in changes to the original contractual conditions e.g. changes in scope consideration including discounts and concessions or lease term are treated as lease modifications. Depending on the circumstances of the renegotiation either lease modifications are accounted for as a new separate contract or they trigger a remeasurement of the lease liability using the discounted future lease payments. In the latter case a corresponding adjustment is made to the rightofuse asset with in some instances a difference recognized in profit or loss. Lease reassessments are the result of changes in assumptions or judgments such as changes in lease term due to amended estimates surrounding existing extension and termination options. It is necessary to remeasure the lease liability using the discounted or existing future lease payments and make a corresponding adjustment to the rightofuse asset. 

Score 0.337
After the commencement date lease payments are split into redemption payments and interest payments. The lease liability is subsequently measured by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest cost on the lease liability using the effective interest rate and reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made. The carrying amount of the lease liability is remeasured provided any reassessmentslease modifications occur including changes in the assessment of whether an extension or termination option is reasonably certain to be exercised. At the commencement date the rightofuse asset is initially measured at cost which is comprised of the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee and an estimate of costs to be incurred by adidas in dismantling and removing the underlying asset restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease. The rightofuse asset is subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability. In 

Score 0.283
adidas assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease according to IFRS Leases at the inception of the contract. IFRS defines a lease as a contract that conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. A contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset if the lessee has the right to obtain substantially all the economic benefits from the use of the identified asset e.g. by having the exclusive right to use the asset throughout that period and the right to direct the use of the identified asset throughout the period of use. In its role as a lessee adidas leases various types of assets particularly buildings retail stores offices warehouses etc. land technical equipment and machinery warehouse equipment production machines etc. motor vehicles and computer hardware as well as furniture and fixtures. Lease contracts are typically negotiated for fixed periods of up to years but may include extension or termination options. Lease terms are negotiated individually and may contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. adidas makes use of the recognition exemption in IFRS to not recognize rightofuse assets and lease liabilities for leases of lowvalue assets i.e. value of the underlying asset when new is or less and shortterm leases shorter than twelve months and the agreement does not include a purchase option. Lease payments for lowvalue leases are recognized as expenses as they are incurred over the lease term. Furthermore adidas exercises the option for lessees to combine lease payments with payments for nonlease components in the calculation of the lease liability and rightofuse asset for all lease asset classes except for corporate real estate. adidas recognizes a rightofuse asset and a corresponding lease liability at the lease commencement date. At the commencement date adidas initially measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at that date. This includes fixed payments including insubstance fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable variable lease payments based on an index or a rate amounts expected to be payable by adidas under residual value guarantees the exercise price of a purchase option if adidas is reasonably certain to exercise that option and payments of penalties for terminating the lease if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option. Other variable lease payments are excluded from the measurement of the lease liability. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If this rate cannot be readily determined adidas uses its incremental borrowing rate. Generally adidas uses the incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. It is adjusted to reflect the countryspecific risk the credit risk of adidas collateral from the change in value of the leased asset the contract currencyspecific risk and the lease term. 

Score 0.298
is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. Discontinued operations are excluded from the net incomeloss from continuing operations and are presented as a single amount as gainloss from discontinued operations net of tax in the consolidated income statement. When an operation is classified as a discontinued operation the comparative consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of cash flows are restated and presented as if the operation had been classified as such from the start of the comparative year.

Score 0.209
Impairment losses for financial assets measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income debt instrument are recognized in accordance with IFRS Financial Instruments. The standard requires that not only historical data but also future expectations and projections are taken into consideration when accounting for impairment losses expected credit loss model. adidas consistently applies the simplified approach and recognizes lifetime expected credit losses for all accounts receivable. In order to calculate a collective loss allowance all accounts receivable sharing similar credit risk characteristics are allocated into several portfolios based on geographical regions and macroeconomic indicators. Historical payment and aging patterns for accounts receivable are analyzed individually for each of the portfolios to determine the probability of default which is further adjusted by forwardlooking factors derived primarily from the Credit Default Swap CDS spreads of the countries where adidas runs its operations. The adjusted probability of default is then applied in combination with a loss given default and exposure at default as a percentage rate to calculate the expected credit loss for each portfolio and aging bucket. The percentage rates are reviewed on a regular basis to ensure that they reflect the latest data on credit risk. In case objective evidence of credit impairment is observed for accounts receivable from a specific customer a detailed analysis of the credit risk is performed and an appropriate individual loss allowance is recognized for this customer. Accounts receivables are considered to be in default when it is expected that the debtor will not fulfill its credit obligations toward adidas. Cash and cash equivalents measured at amortized cost are subject to a general impairment approach under IFRS. adidas applies the low credit risk exemption for the majority of such instruments due to the low credit risk for these investments which is based on the investment grade of their counterparties defined by the company as equivalent of BBB or higher. A significant increase of credit risk is assumed for cash and cash equivalents when the instruments are more than days past due. adidas monitors the credit risk associated with cash and cash equivalents taking into consideration the economic environment external credit ratings andor CDS spreads of counterparty financial institutions and using established exposure limits. Expected credit loss of cash and cash equivalents is calculated based on the probability of default and recovery rates derived from CDS spreads or external credit ratings of the counterparties. Cash and cash equivalents are considered to be in default when they are more than days past due. Other financial assets within the scope of IFRS impairment analysis include mainly security deposits as well as accounts receivable from credit card companies and electronic marketplaces. The credit risk associated with such financial assets is determined based on the economic environment external credit ratings andor CDS spreads of counterparty financial institutions. Other financial assets are considered to be in default when they are more than days past due. Objective evidence that credit impairment of financial assets has occurred includes for instance significant financial difficulty of the debtorissuer indications of their potential bankruptcy the deterioration of the market for their products and general macroeconomic problems. The gross carrying amount of financial assets is written off when adidas based on a casebycase assessment assumes that their recovery is no longer possible. Impairment losses on accounts receivable are presented in the line item Impairment losses net on accounts receivable and contract assets. 

Score 0.252
Research and development 

Score 0.25
impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the assets carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined net of depreciation or amortization if no impairment loss had been recognized. 

Score 0.276
If facts and circumstances indicate that noncurrent assets e.g. property plant and equipment as well as intangible assets including goodwill and contract assets might be impaired the recoverable amount is determined. This is measured at the higher of fair value less costs of disposal net disposal price and value in use. Recoverable amount is determined on an individual asset level unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. If this is the case recoverable amount is determined for the cashgenerating unit to which the asset belongs. The fair value is measured at Level according to IFRS Fair Value Measurement. An impairment loss is recognized in other operating expenses or reported in goodwill impairment losses if the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount. The impairment test for goodwill is performed based on groups of cashgenerating units which represent the lowest level within the company at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. If there is an impairment loss for a group of cashgenerating units then first the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the group of cashgenerating units is reduced. Subsequently provided that the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount the other noncurrent assets of the group of cashgenerating units are reduced pro rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the group of cashgenerating units. In allocating an impairment loss the carrying amount of an individual asset is not reduced below its fair value. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the cashgenerating unit and groups of cashgenerating units. Irrespective of whether there is an impairment indication intangible assets with an indefinite useful life intangible assets not yet available for use and goodwill acquired in business combinations are tested annually on December for impairment. In the case that indicators for impairment are present at any point in time other than on December these assets are also tested for impairment at this point in time. An impairment loss recognized in goodwill is not reversible. With respect to all other impaired assets an impairment loss recognized in prior periods is only reversed such as it affects the consolidated income statement if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An 

Score 0.168
Impairment losses on nonfinancial assets 

Score 0.394
Expenditure for repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred. Renewals and improvements are capitalized and depreciated separately if the recognition criteria are met. 

Score 0.231
The majority of plan assets are attributable to Germany and the UK . Part of the plan assets in Germany is held by a trustee under a Contractual Trust Arrangement CTA for the purpose of funding the pension obligations of adidasAG and insolvency insurance with regard to part of the pension obligations of adidasAG. The trustee is the registered association adidas Pension Trust e.V. The investment committee of the adidas Pension Trust determines the investment strategy with the goal to match the pension liabilities as far as possible and to generate a sustainable return. In no additional employer funding contribution was transferred to the trustee. The plan assets in the registered association are mainly invested in fixed income funds equity funds and real estate. Another substantial part of the plan assets in Germany is invested in insurance contracts via a pension fund and a provident fund. For this portion an insurance entity is responsible for the determination and the implementation of the investment strategy. In the UK the plan assets are held in an external trust. In principle the investment strategy is aligned with the structure of the pension obligations in these countries. In the rest of the world the plan assets consist predominantly of insurance contracts. The expected total employer contributions for the financial year amount to million. Thereof million relates to benefits directly paid to pensioners by the subsidiaries and million to employer contributions paid into the plan assets. In the actual return on plan assets including interest income was million loss of million. 

Score 0.175
Estimated useful lives of property plant and equipment 

Score 0.076
Estimated useful lives are as follows 

Score 0.325
intended by management less any accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is recognized for those assets with the exception of land and construction in progress over the estimated useful life utilizing the straightline method and taking into account any potential residual value. Parts of an item of property plant and equipment with a cost that is significant in relation to the total cost of the item are depreciated separately. 

Score 0.359
Property plant and equipment are measured at amortized cost. This comprises all costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner 

Score 0.155
Composition of plan assets in millions 

Score 0.179
Impairment losses on financial assets 

Score 0.28
Borrowings and other liabilities 

Score 0.263
Research costs are expensed in full as incurred. Development costs for internally generated intangible assets are also expensed as incurred if they do not meet the recognition criteria of IAS Intangible Assets. 

Score 0.262
All equities and bonds are traded freely and have a quoted market price in an active market. 

Score 0.325
Serviceindependent and nonmarket performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the fair value of awards at the grant date but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the companys best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. If the estimate is changed even a credit in the consolidated income statement for the period can be possible as it reflects the movement in cumulative expenses from the beginning to the end of that period. No expense is recognized for awards that do not ultimately vest if nonmarket performance andor service conditions have not been met. Equitysettled sharebased payment transactions with parties other than employees are generally measured at the fair value of the goods or services received except where the fair value cannot be estimated reliably in which case they are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments granted measured at the date the entity obtains the goods or the counterparty renders the service. For cashsettled sharebased payment transactions the goods or services acquired and the liability incurred are measured at the fair value of the liability. Until the liability is settled the fair value of the liability is remeasured at the end of each reporting period and at the date of settlement with all changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss for the period. 

Score 0.261
The cost of equitysettled sharebased payment transactions with employees is determined by the fair value at the grant date using an appropriate valuation model.That cost is recognized in personnel expenses together with a corresponding increase in equity retained earnings over the period in which the service and where applicable the performance conditions are fulfilled the vesting period. The cumulative expense recognized for equitysettled transactions at each reporting date until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the companys best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. 

Score 0.115
Sharebased payment 

Score 0.161
the expected value based on the sum of the probabilityweighted amounts. In assessing whether and how an uncertain tax treatment affects the determination of taxable profits tax losses tax bases unused tax losses unused tax credits and tax rates adidas assumes that a taxation authority will examine amounts it has a right to examine and will have full knowledge of all relevant information when making those examinations. 

Score 0.057
the single most likely amount or 

Score 0.197
Income tax is recognized in the consolidated income statement unless it relates to items recognized directly in equity in which case it is recognized in equity. Deferred tax relating to items recognized outside profit or loss is recognized outside profit or loss. Deferred tax items are recognized in correlation to the underlying transaction either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. When there is uncertainty over income tax treatments adidas recognizes and measures current or deferred tax assets or liabilities applying the requirements of IAS and IFRIC . On a casebycase basis adidas determines whether to consider each uncertain tax treatment separately or together with one or more other uncertain tax treatments depending on which approach better predicts the resolution of the uncertainty. Where it is not considered probable that the tax authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment adidas reflects the effects of the uncertainty by using one of the following methods depending on which method better predicts the resolution of the uncertainty 

Score 0.209
Current income taxes are computed in accordance with the applicable taxation rules established in the countries in which adidas operates. adidas computes deferred taxes for all temporary differences between the carrying amount and the tax base of its assets and liabilities as well as for tax loss carryforwards. As it is not permitted to recognize a deferred tax liability for the initial recognition of goodwill adidas does not compute any deferred taxes thereon. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realized or the liability is settled based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards that exceed taxable temporary differences are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that the entity concerned will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the associated benefit. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized. 

Score 0.161
Income taxes 

Score 0.194
adidas receives government grants in the form of subsidies subventions or premiums from local national or international government authorities such as those of the Free State of Bavaria the Federal Republic of Germany and the European Union. Government grants are recognized if there is adequate certainty that the grants will be received and that the company satisfies the conditions attached. Government grants are reported in the consolidated income statement as a deduction from the related expenses. 

Score 0.124
Government grants 

Score 0.281
Interest is recognized as income or expense as incurred using the effective interest method with the exception of interest that is directly attributable to the acquisition construction or production of a qualifying asset. This interest is capitalized as part of the cost of the qualifying asset. Interest paid is presented within the net cash used in financing activities. 

Score 0.352
Advance payments for media campaigns are included in prepaid expenses within other current and noncurrent assets until the services are received and upon receipt are expensed in full. Significant costs for media campaigns are expensed on a straightline basis over the intended duration of the media campaign. Promotional expenses including onetime upfront payments for promotion contracts are principally expensed on a straightline basis over the term of the agreement. 

Score 0.166
 Fair value of plan assets as at January Currency translation differences Pensions paid Contributions by the employer Contributions paid by plan participants Interest income from plan assets Returnloss on plan assets not included in net interest income Fair value of plan assets as at December 

Score 0.316
Advertising and promotional expenditure 

Score 0.313
depending on the timing of yearly payments received from customers. The performance obligation related to these contract assets and liabilities is satisfied over the life of the contract i.e. the guaranteed minimum income per year is evenly distributed over twelve months whereby payments are recorded as arranged in the contract with the customer. 

Score 0.305
Revenue derived from the sale of goods is recognized when adidas has satisfied the respective performance obligation by transferring the promised goods to the customer. The goods are transferred at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the respective goods. The timing of the transfer of control depends on the individual terms of the sales agreement terms of delivery. The amount of revenue to be recognized is determined based on the consideration adidas expects to be entitled to in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer taking into account returns discounts and rebates. Under certain conditions and in accordance with contractual agreements the companys customers have the right to return products and to either exchange them for similar or other products or to return the products against the issuance of a credit note. Amounts for estimated returns related to revenues are accrued based on past experience of average return rates and average actual return periods by means of a refund liability. The return assets are measured at the carrying amount of the inventoriesproducts less any handling costs and any potential impairment. Provided that the customers meet certain predefined conditions adidas grants its customers different types of globally aligned performancebased rebates. Examples include rebates for customers increasing adidas product sales for customer loyalty and for sellout support e.g. through retail spacefranchise store management. As soon as it is assumed that the customer fulfills the requirements for being granted the rebate this amount is recognized as a sales deduction via an accrued liability for marketing and sales. In addition adidas generates revenue from the licensingout of the right to use the brands to third parties. The resulting salesbased royalty and commission income is recognized based on the contract terms on an accrual basis i.e. revenue is already realized even though the payment takes place at a later point in time. Contracts with guaranteed minimum income result in contract assets and contract liabilities 

Score 0.247
When adidas AG shares are repurchased and recognized as treasury shares the amount of the consideration paid which includes directly attributable costs net of any tax effects is recognized as a deduction from equity. The nominal value of per treasury share is debited to share capital. Any premium or discount to the nominal value is shown as an adjustment to the retained earnings. If treasury shares are sold or reissued the nominal value of the shares will be credited to share capital and the amount exceeding the nominal value will be added to the retained earnings. 

Score 0.166
Treasury shares 

Score 0.265
Contingent liabilities are possible obligations that arise from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of adidas. Additionally contingent liabilities may be present obligations that arise from past events but which are not recognized because it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability. Contingent liabilities are not recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position but are disclosed and explained in the Notes.

Score 0.247
Contingent liabilities 

Score 0.245
fair value of any plan assets is deducted in order to determine the net liability. The discount rate is set on the basis of yields of highquality fixedrate corporate bonds at the balance sheet date provided there is a deep market for such corporate bonds in a given currency. Otherwise government bond yields are used as a reference. Calculations are performed by qualified actuaries using the projected unit credit method in accordance with IAS Employee Benefits. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution plans are recognized as an expense in the consolidated income statement as incurred. 

Score 0.332
Provisions and expenses for pensions and similar obligations relate to the companys obligations for defined benefit and defined contribution plans. The obligations under defined benefit plans are determined separately for each plan by valuing the employee benefits accrued in return for their service during the current and prior periods. These benefit accruals are discounted to calculate their present value and the 

Score 0.201
Pensions and similar obligations 

Score 0.279
Accrued liabilities are liabilities to pay for goods or services that have been received or supplied but have not been paid invoiced or formally agreed with the supplier including amounts due to employees. The uncertainty regarding amount or timing of accrued liabilities is generally much less than for provisions. 

Score 0.366
Provisions are recognized when there is a present obligation legal or constructive to third parties that has been incurred as a result of a past event when the amount of the obligation can be estimated reliably and when it is probable that there will be an outflow of resources. In general all provisions are uncertain as to their maturity or amount. The expense relating to a provision is presented in the consolidated income statement. Noncurrent provisions are discounted if the effect of the time value of money is material with the interest expense being reported as financial expenses. 

Score 0.309
Provisions and accrued liabilities 

Score 0.284
Borrowings e.g. Eurobonds and other liabilities are recognized at fair value net of transaction costs incurred. In subsequent periods borrowings are stated at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Any difference between proceeds net of transaction costs and the redemption value is recognized in the consolidated income statement over the term of the borrowing. Compound financial instruments e.g. convertible bonds are divided into a liability component shown under borrowings and into an equity component resulting from conversion rights. The equity component is included in the capital reserve. The fair value of the liability component is determined by discounting the interest and principal payments of a comparable liability without conversion rights applying riskadjusted interest rates. The liability component is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The equity component is determined as the difference between the fair value of the total compound financial instrument and the fair value of the liability component and is reported within equity. There is no subsequent measurement of the equity component. At initial recognition directly attributable transaction costs are assigned to the equity and liability component pro rata on the basis of the respective carrying amounts. 

Score 0.255
Discontinued operations 

Score 0.092
The total expense for defined contribution pension plans amounted to million in million. 

Score 0.026
Estimation uncertainties and judgments 