Scores_c_MANUFACTURINGScore 0.649
As well as the manufacturing of aircraft the description of the activity includes the manufacturing of parts and equipment for aircraft the provision of related services as well as Maintenance Repair and Overhaul MRO to the extent that these can be linked to an eligible aircraft type and improves or maintains the level of efficiency of the aircraft. The efficiency of the aircraft is an ambiguous legal term because it is not explained in more detail in the delegated act. For this reason the term is interpreted as all costbenefit relationships that can be associated with an aircraft. That is why we define the recyclability at the end of the life cycle of the aircraft components manufactured in the context of this economic activity as a criterion for efficiency. 

Score 0.631
The activity description refers to the manufacture of automotive components for vehicle categories M N and L in accordance with the EU classification which according to the delegated act meet the criteria set out in this Section and which are essential for delivering and improving the environmental performance of the vehicle. However assessing the taxonomy eligibility using technical screening criteria contradicts Commission Notice C No. which states that an economic activity is eligible irrespective of whether it meets the technical screening criteria laid down in the delegated acts. For this reason we classify the manufacture of all automotive components for these vehicle classes as taxonomyeligible. Technical screening criteria are used only to review the taxonomy alignment. We classify slit strip manufactured for the automotive industry as taxonomyeligible because it is consistent with the definition of a component in accordance with Regulation EU and Regulation EU No. . 

Score 0.582
Use of secondary raw materials and reused components in manufactured products 

Score 0.582
A.. Environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned Manufacture of renewable energy technologies CCM . Y NEL NEL NEL NEL NEL Y Y Y Y Y Y Y E Manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen CCM . Y NEL YEL NEL NEL NEL Y Y Y Y Y Y Y E Material recovery from nonhazardous waste CCM . Y NEL NEL NEL NEL NEL Y Y Y Y Y Y Y OpEx of environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned A. Thereof enabling activities Thereof transitional activities A. TaxonomyEligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not Taxonomyaligned Manufacture of renewable energy technologies 

Score 0.569
This segment is focused on the global distribution of materials and the provision of technical services for the production and manufacturing sectors. 

Score 0.538
Information on and traceability of substances of concern in products In the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that an assessment of the availability of processes in support of the circular economy has been performed or that such practices are already used in the context of this business activity. Such evidence includes for example operating permits compliance audits relating to waste disposal law environmental audits or productspecific documents that provide information about the composition of materials or other properties of the products manufactured in the course this business activity that are relevant to this matter. 

Score 0.531
Waste management that prioritizes recycling over disposal in the manufacturing process 

Score 0.528
A.. Environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned Manufacture of renewable energy technologies 

Score 0.522
To make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that at least by weight of the separately collected and processed nonhazardous waste is converted into secondary raw materials. Moreover the resulting recycled materials must be able to substitute virgin materials in production processes. The slag treatment performed in the course of this activity achieves recycling rates that exceed the minimum requirements. In addition the secondary raw materials obtained can substitute both virgin construction materials and fertilizers. Evidence of this is provided by an analysis of the production and use of slag from iron and steel works by a research institute specializing in construction materials. Fulfillment of the DNSH criteria in the performance of this economic activity was reviewed in accordance with the procedures and verification documents outlined in the specific sections. 

Score 0.521
A. TaxonomyEligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not Taxonomyaligned Manufacture of renewable energy technologies 

Score 0.517
Steel and related processing

Score 0.516
Raw materials Production supplies Work in progress Finished products merchandise Total 

Score 0.507
CCM . Manufacture of renewable energy technologies Thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities Thereof additions as part of a CapEx plan Thereof additions due to business combinations CCM . Manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen Thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities Thereof additions as part of a CapEx plan Thereof additions due to business combinations CCM . Manufacture of iron and steel Thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities Thereof additions as part of a CapEx plan Thereof additions due to business combinations CCM . Material recovery from nonhazardous waste Thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities Thereof additions as part of a CapEx plan Thereof additions due to business combinations 

Score 0.501
of a sustainable production for the industry.

Score 0.5
Manufacture of iron and steel 

Score 0.499
Manufacturing of aircraft 

Score 0.498
In order to determine thyssenkrupps taxonomyeligible business activities the delegated acts issued in respect of the environmental objectives of the EU Taxonomy were analyzed at group level by a team of experts. Those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts. The resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the respective activity. This process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods. In fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible 

Score 0.497
In the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that none of the aforementioned substances on their own in mixtures or in articles are manufactured placed on the market or used or that this is done only in accordance with the exemptions described above. Such evidence includes for example lists of substances with a CLP classification in accordance with Regulation EC No. declarations of conformity safety data sheets and declarations of RoHS compliance from the sites that perform the activities. 

Score 0.494
In accordance with Article of the EU Taxonomy as part of its NonFinancial Statement which is integrated into this Management Report thyssenkrupp provides information on how and to what extent its business activities qualify as environmentally sustainable based on this classification system. As in the prior year this reporting relates to the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation and provides information on taxonomyeligible taxonomynoneligible and taxonomyaligned turnover capital expenditure CapEx and operating expenditure OpEx. In the case of business activities assigned to an economic activity as defined in Delegated Regulation EU or EU reporting is restricted to taxonomyeligible and taxonomynoneligible turnover CapEx and OpEx. At thyssenkrupp this concerns disclosures in connection with the manufacture of automotive and mobility components and aircraft as well as all business activities that can be assigned to nonclimaterelated environmental objectives. 

Score 0.494
Materials expense comprises the groups total spend on products and services. In the reporting year compared with it decreased by to billion due to price and volumeinduced declines. Materials expense as a percentage of sales therefore came to prior year . Depending on the business model the percentages of the individual businesses ranged between Marine Systems and Materials Services. The following table shows the materials expense of each individual business in absolute figures 

Score 0.49
To determine the taxonomyaligned business activities profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delegated acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the EU Taxonomy. The qualitative and quantitative screening criteria are extracted from the delegated acts and translated into documentation requirements for the segments and entities that perform the activities. The profiles also include the documentation requirements resulting from the minimum safeguards pursuant to Article of the EU Taxonomy. The evidence for the business activities that must be considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year is compiled in accordance with these profiles of requirements. This process is managed centrally by a team of experts and representatives of the corporate functions. It is then implemented in cooperation with the thyssenkrupp segments and operating entities that perform the activities. Below is a list of the profiles of requirements for the business activities that were screened for their taxonomy alignment in the reporting period with a positive outcome. It explains the specific screening criteria for each economic activity i.e. the criteria for making a substantial contribution to at least one environmental objective of the EU Taxonomy and special DNSH criteria. By contrast the review of general DNSH criteria in accordance with the annexes of the delegated acts for the environmental objectives and the assessment of the availability and application of certain processes to promote the circular economy are explained in the respective DNSHspecific sections. 

Score 0.489
thyssenkrupp classifies all its business activities in connection with the production of automotive components as taxonomyeligible. thyssenkrupp annual report Combined management report EU Taxonomy

Score 0.485
Manufacture of automotive and mobility components 

Score 0.482
In the reporting period the power plant operation by Hüttenwerke Krupp Mannesmann HKM was allocated to its core economic activity CCM . Manufacture of iron and steel due to the direct technical and economic linkage between steel production and the formation of byproducts which are used in this power plant operation rather than reporting it as a separate power plant activity CCM . Highefficiency cogeneration of heatcool and power from fossil gaseous fuels pursuant to the Commission Delegated Regulation EU . This decision was also taken based on the immateriality of the underlying amounts. 

Score 0.481
To make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that the technologies manufactured by this activity are used for the generation of renewable energy as defined in Article of Directive EU namely energy from renewable nonfossil sources. Outgoing invoices to certain customer groups provide evidence that the bearings manufactured by this activity are used in facilities for the generation of wind power. Fulfillment of the DNSH criteria in the performance of these business activities was reviewed in accordance with the general procedures and verification documents outlined in the specific sections. 

Score 0.475
 technology Steel production Slag processing Logistics services Green chemicals PLAneo

Score 0.474
In fiscal year the turnover generated by taxonomyeligible economic activities amounted to million which was of the groups total turnover. This increase by percentage points resulted mainly from the firsttime classification of the economic activities Manufacture of automotive and mobility components and Manufacturing of aircraft as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year it was offset primarily by declines in turnover in the steel business. Taxonomyeligible CapEx of million in the reporting year accounted for of total capital expenditure which was percentage points higher than in the prior year. Taxonomyeligible OpEx in the reporting year amounted to million which was of total operating expenditure and percentage points higher than in the prior year. The increases in taxonomyeligible CapEx and OpEx resulted mainly from the firsttime classification of the economic activity Manufacture of automotive and mobility components as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year. 

Score 0.471
CCM . Material recovery from nonhazardous waste 

Score 0.469
Business activities are taxonomyeligible if they are consistent with the descriptions of the economic activities contained in the delegated acts in respect of the environmental objectives of the EU Taxonomy. It is not significant that they satisfy the technical screening criteria defined there for each economic activity. By contrast business activities that are not consistent with the description of an economic activity may not be classified as taxonomyeligible. 

Score 0.463
Inventories are stated at the lower of acquisitionmanufacturing cost and net realizable value. In general inventories are valued using the average cost method. Manufacturing cost includes direct material labor and allocable material and manufacturing overhead based on normal operating capacity.

Score 0.462
 CCM . Manufacturing of aircraft Aircraft parts 

Score 0.462
Code No. Economic activity according to the delegated acts Business activity or product Segment Unit 

Score 0.461
The DNSH criteria relating to Pollution prevention and control require that economic activities do not lead to the manufacture placing on the market or use of substances or groups of substances whether on their own in mixtures or in articles that are subject to European regulation. These include 

Score 0.458
Chemical substances as defined in Annex XVII to Regulation EC No. 

Score 0.456
Materials Services is one of the worlds 

Score 0.456
 The undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle. NO The undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies. NO The undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades. NO 

Score 0.456
Fixtures and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Capitalized production costs for selfconstructed assets include costs of material direct labor and allocable material and manufacturing overhead. Borrowing costs directly attributable to the production of assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use. Administrative costs are capitalized only if such costs are directly related to production. Maintenance and repair costs daytoday servicing are expensed as incurred. The group recognizes in the carrying amount of an item of property plant and equipment the cost of replacing parts and major inspection of such an item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the item will flow to the group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. Where fixtures and equipment comprise of significant parts having different useful lives those parts are depreciated separately. Fixtures and equipment are depreciated over the customary useful life using the straightline method. The following useful lives are used as a basis for calculating depreciation 

Score 0.455
In addition Materials Services is systematically extending its portfolio of sustainable products and services in the context of its BEYOND sustainability strategy. The aim is to reduce physical goods in the supply chains shape transportation routes without efficiency losses and thus reduce CO

Score 0.454
Materials Services

Score 0.454
Materials Services 

Score 0.454
The CapEx plan of thyssenkrupp includes capital expenditures intended to allow the taxonomyeligible steel production activities of the thyssenkrupp group to become taxonomyaligned with respect to the environmental objective Climate change mitigation. The purpose of the capital expenditure is the construction and operational capability of a hydrogencapable direct reduction DR plant allowing lowcarbon manufacture of iron and steel by thyssenkrupp. The Executive Board of thyssenkrupp approved the planned capital expenditure on February and the DR plant is scheduled to come into operation by the end of . The taxonomy alignment of the activity associated with operating the plant is likely to be achieved in fiscal year . The capital expenditure disclosed both for the reporting period and for the entire period of the CapEx plan has been reduced by the government grants thyssenkrupp received and receives for this project see Group financial statements Note Property plant and equipment and Note Other nonfinancial assets. Overall a negative CapEx figure resulted for fiscal year because the government grants the figure contains exceeded the acquisition costs incurred in the reporting year. 

Score 0.451
The segment brings together the premium flat carbon steel activities from intelligent materials solutions to finished parts. 

Score 0.45
CCM . Manufacturing of aircraft 

Score 0.445
Manufacture of other low carbon technologies 

Score 0.444
 emissions. In this way we are helping our customers to achieve their own decarbonization targets. Materials Services sees sustainability as an opportunity to work even more closely with its customers and for further innovations. By implementing a new organizational structure that realigns the operating units according to their business models Materials Services aims to become faster more efficient and more customerfocused. In addition the expansion of agile working methods the decentralization of operational decisionmaking processes the more targeted use of external and internal data and optimized executive talent managements is intended to support the structuring of growth options. Under the umbrella of the groupwide APEX performance program Materials Services is using transformation and efficiency measures to improve its cost and earnings situation. Since we are gradually implementing the identified potential we are confident that we will achieve the targets set. 

Score 0.443
Materials expense of the segmentsas of sales 

Score 0.442
In line with its targets Materials Services invested particularly in North American growth projects and inaugurated a new service center each in Mexico and the USA in the past fiscal year. Furthermore at established sites in North America and Europe our segment invested in processing equipment to increase vertical integration. In connection with the extension of the contracts with major customers in the supply chain business further investment was made in modernizing machinery and warehouse equipment. Another focus of investment was the harmonization and updating of our ERP systems in the wake of our digital transformation along the entire value chain. Furthermore investments were made to replace equipment at various warehousing and service units. 

Score 0.442
This segment develops and manufactures hightech components and systems for the automotive industry. In addition forged components and system solutions for the resources construction and mobility sectors are manufactured here. 

Score 0.442
Having received approval for the construction of the direct reduction plant with two integrated electric smelters in Duisburg and the allocation of funding from the German government and the state of North RhineWestphalia in fiscal year dismantling work and preparation of the site have advanced. The first construction measures e.g. pile foundations base plates already began in the nd quarter of fiscal year . With regard to the major investments under the Steel Strategy preparations for the conversion of the casting rolling line in DuisburgBruckhausen are making headway. The first plant engineering measures have been started with the main conversion activities initiated in the st quarter of fiscal year . Through our investment in a new double reversing mill and a new annealing and isolating line in Bochum we have created the basis for responding to the increased demand for highquality electrical steel. The new double reversing mill came into operation at the start of fiscal year while work on assembling the new annealing and isolating line was completed in the summer with the unit expected to come into operation at the start of fiscal year . 

Score 0.441
emissions from its own production for example by continuously enhancing production efficiency by reducing its own energy requirements. Materials Services has identified a growing trend towards sustainable products and solutions in its supply chains. In this regard Materials Services is expanding its portfolio of corresponding products and services as part of its Beyond sustainability strategy in order to support customers in meeting their decarbonization targets. Materials Services is seeking to achieve climate neutrality for direct emissions Scope and emissions from purchased energy Scope by . The amount of energy needed to deliver products and provide services is to be reduced without restricting the ability to deliver. In addition components will be substituted so that the full energysaving potential can be leveraged components will be eliminated if they are incompatible with the goal of climate neutrality. Not all emissions will be entirely avoidable in the medium term. One example is the Materials Services truck fleet in North America. The intention is to switch to electric vehicles. However this is dependent on external factors such as the countrywide expansion of the charging infrastructure which is not likely to have been completed by . Such unavoidable emissions will be offset with CO

Score 0.44
 Unfavorable constellations and developments at our sites could expose us to a risk of business interruptions and property damage. In addition to the cost of repairing damage there is above all the risk that a business interruption might result in production losses and thus jeopardize the fulfillment of our contractual obligations towards our customers. We work to counter these risks through regular preventive maintenance measures and through modernization and investment in our machinery and production facilities. In addition we take out appropriate insurance and therefore transfer risks to external service providers. The remaining financial risks in this category are still classified as medium. Accident risks and the related risk of harming people cannot be completely ruled out in the production installation maintenance and use of our products. A safetyoriented corporate culture and the extensive occupational health and safety measures implemented by our occupational safety organization are intended to help minimize the accident risks faced by our employees and subcontractors. In our production plants and during transportation there are processrelated environmental risks relating to air and water pollution. Furthermore some of the groups real estate no longer used for operations is subject to risks from past pollution and mining subsidence. To minimize risks thyssenkrupp invests continuously and sustainably in environmental protection and scheduled remediation and maintains a close dialog with authorities local communities and political representatives. We recognize adequate provisions for dealing with past pollution. Further details on production risks in our businesses can be found in the section Operational risks of the businesses. 

Score 0.44
Business activities are taxonomyaligned if they meet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the EU Taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to Article of the EU Taxonomy DNSH criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to Article . 

Score 0.439
Provisions for other contractual costs represent impending losses from uncompleted contracts. The reversals particularly relate to the Automotive Technology segment. The provision for restructurings consists of provisions for employee termination benefits and exit costs which have been established by operating divisions for costs incurred in connection with activities which do not generate any future economic benefits for the group. Restructurings are being carried out in all segments. The additions to restructuring provisions in the fiscal year in the amount of million in total consists of million at Automotive Technology million at Decarbon Technologies million at Materials Services million at Steel Europe and million at Service Units. The provision for decommissioning obligations mainly consists of obligations associated with mining activities and recultivating landfills. Obligations associated with mining activities and recultivating landfills are generally handled over long periods of time in some cases more than years. The technical parameters are very complex. As a result uncertainty exists with regard to the timing and concrete amount of the expenses. Obligations to secure incurred mining claims with a term of more than years amount to million as of September prior year million. The calculation was based on a discount rate of . prior year . appropriate to the term. The change in the obligation is in particular the result of the reduced interest rate. Other provisions include provisions for litigation risks environmental obligations and other risks from individual items not allocable to other positions. 

Score 0.439
Emissions of our value chain including products

Score 0.439
is the amount of capital expenditure for the direct reduction plant that will be disclosed for the entire period of the CapEx plan and is aimed at allowing the steel production activities of thyssenkrupp to become taxonomyaligned with respect to climate change mitigation. thyssenkrupp annual report Combined management report EU Taxonomy

Score 0.438
hightech components and systems as 

Score 0.438
of thyssenkrupps sales are taxonomyeligible and are achieved with business activities and products that can make a substantial contribution to achieving the European Unions environmental objectives. thyssenkrupp annual report Combined management report EU Taxonomy

Score 0.438
 .. . . Materials Services .. . . Steel Europe .. . . Marine Systems

Score 0.435
Turnover is the main parameter used as the basis for technical screening criteria for assessing the taxonomy alignment of business activities. This applies analogously to capital and operating expenditures associated with these business activities irrespective of their intended purpose. For example on the basis of their intended purpose capital expenditures for a business activity could potentially be allocated to a different economic activity listed in the delegated acts which in turn could involve different screening criteria. This is ruled out by applying the principle that turnover has the priority. In the case of business activities allocated to a research and developmentrelated economic activity on the basis of turnover the technical screening criteria are derived from capital and operating expenditure. 

Score 0.435
Automotive Technology .Decarbon Technologies .Materials Services .Steel Europe .Marine Systems

Score 0.435
The Supply Chain Act SCA Council Group oversees the implementation of the concept to ensure compliance with human rights and environmentrelated due diligence obligations in the group. The members of this body representatives of the various corporate functions organizational units and segments meet regularly and on an ad hoc basis. The SCA Council Group is coordinated by the SCA Officer Group who acts as spokesperson for the SCA Council Group and reports to the Executive Board. The legally required oversight of risk management for thyssenkrupp AG is performed by the Corporate Function Legal Compliance. These tasks have been delegated to the Group General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer. To ensure early action to prevent violations of laws and internal group regulations and breaches of human rights and environmentrelated rights and legal interests and reduce damage for employees and business partners thyssenkrupp has set up a complaints procedure for all group companies. This procedure enables us to take up and process information on such violations submitted by thyssenkrupp group employees and external third parties such as our direct and indirect suppliers or their employees. The complaints procedure can be used worldwide. Details of this are also contained in the Rules of Procedure. 

Score 0.434
CCM . Manufacture of automotive and mobility components 

Score 0.431
 emissions especially in heavy and energyintensive industries 

Score 0.431
Polysius CCM . Manufacture of iron and steel Steel production 

Score 0.43
 allowances an increasing share of energy costs in steel production and thus higher production costs overall together with the ability to enforce higher steel prices in Europe under the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism CBAM and ultimately adequate availability of hydrogen at the production sites. Developments that would necessitate further impairment losses to carrying amounts in the Steel Europe segment in the next fiscal year cannot be ruled out. Of the impairment loss of million million relates to technical machinery and equipment million to construction in progress million to buildings million to land million to other equipment factory and office equipment million to development costs and million to other intangible assets. Further an impairment loss of million was identified on corporate assets allocated to Special Units. The impairment loss of million on assets used jointly in the thyssenkrupp group corporate assets was recognized in Special Units. For impairment testing purposes these assets are allocated proportionately to the cashgenerating units because they do not generate any separate cash flows. The impairment loss reflects the reduced recoverability of the corporate assets in particular in the Steel Europe cashgenerating unit because of the impairment losses recognized there in the th quarter ended September . In addition in the Automotive Technology segment impairment losses were identified in the Steering Bilstein and Automotive Body Solutions business units in a renewed impairment test in the th quarter ended September . In the Steering business unit further impairment losses of million were recognized on technical equipment and machinery in the global electric steering gear product area these were mainly due to the reduced earnings expectations as a result of the deterioration in the economic situation. The recoverable amount relevant for determining the impairment loss corresponds to the value in use which amounts to a total of million and which was calculated using a discount rate after tax of .. An impairment loss of million was also identified for technical equipment and machinery in the column EPS product area in the same business unit for the same reasons. Similar to the steering gear product area the 

Score 0.43
Our environmental climate and energy management systems are based on the groups global environmental and energy policy and a corresponding group regulation. This regulation requires all companies with environmentally relevant activities for example because they operate plants that are subject to environmental permits to implement and maintain an environmental management system in accordance with ISO . With the aid of certified environmental management systems we are continuously improving the environmental performance of our sites in order to fulfill our ambitious environmental targets. Throughout the life cycle of our products and processes we raise efficiency in the use of resources and minimize harmful emissions. We are aware of our ecological and social responsibility. Our binding obligations include both compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and respecting environmentally relevant due diligence obligations. Activities regarded as environmentally relevant are defined in our group regulation. Since fiscal year many environmentally relevant thyssenkrupp group companies within the meaning of this regulation have had an environmental management system certified in accordance with ISO . In the reporting period around of thyssenkrupp sites in terms of the total workforce had an environmental management system that was implemented and certified in accordance with ISO . 

Score 0.428
In fiscal year for market strategy reasons the Steel Europe segment initiated the divestment process for Indian company Electrical Steel India Private Ltd. which manufactures grainoriented electrical steel. These activities met the criteria set forth in IFRS for recognition as a disposal group for the first time in the th quarter of . As a result the assets and liabilities of the disposal group were reported separately in the line items Assets held for sale and Liabilities associated with assets held for sale in the statement of financial position as of September . The contract for the sale of the Indian electrical steel business to JSW Steel Limited and JFE Steel Corporation an IndoJapanese consortium was signed on October see also Note . The aim is to close the transaction within the coming months. In connection with the divestment process initiated a review of the valuation of the assets in accordance with IAS was conducted immediately before the firsttime classification as a disposal group. This resulted in a reversal of impairments totaling million because the fair value less the costs of disposal is higher than the carrying amount. Of this amount million relate to land and buildings million to technical machinery and equipment and million to factory and office equipment. It is reported in the cost of sales in the th quarter of at the same time deferred taxes of million were recognized. The assets and liabilities that comprised the disposal group as of September are shown in the following table. The cumulative other comprehensive income in the equity allocated to the disposal group amounted to million as of September . 

Score 0.426
The aim of our plant engineering business is to contribute to the green transformation of industry and help shape it through technological advancements. To this end we are working on research into technologies and innovations that can significantly reduce the greenhouse gases generated in production processes. In this way we aim in particular to enhance and further extend our position as a partner for planning development and services for industrial plants and systems. In the chemical plant engineering business at Uhde there are opportunities above all in the area of green ammonia which is required both as a basic infrastructure element for the hydrogen value chain and for the sustainable production of fertilizers. Further opportunities may result from the ongoing expansion of our highmargin service business. In the Polysius cement engineering business carbon concentration solutions have been integrated successfully into a large number of projects. We see good prospects for establishing this pure oxyfuel technology on the market and thus reducing carbon emissions see also the Technology and innovations section. In addition we want to drive forward our market position in service and automation and see good opportunities for a further increase in the proportion of sales generated by highmargin services. Thanks to our water electrolysis technologies which are assigned to our majority investment thyssenkrupp nucera we see good opportunities to benefit from the strong demand for production processes for green hydrogen. Materials Services In light of the successive transformation of the global economy three trends offer opportunities for our Materials Services segment . the relocation of steps in the value chain to strategic neighboring countries . the need for stronger and more resilient supply chains and . the growing demand for products and solutions that are demonstrably sustainable. We prepared for this early on with our Materials as a Service strategy in order to leverage potential from these trends for our own business. With regard to point . we leverage the advantage that our sites in Europe and North America are already favorably distributed in geographical terms. Intelligent networking of all relevant partners and parameters is a critical success factor for the goal of resilient supply chains. Thanks to our global market access and extensive sector and process knowhow we have enormous flexibility and scope from procurement through processing to supply chain management to manage even complex flows of goods in an intelligent and resourcesaving manner. We are convinced that our innovative approach will enable us to achieve higher profitability and stronger market growth than conventional materials wholesaling. In the light of rising customer requirements supply chain management in particular opens up wideranging opportunities for the segment. We are already building digital supply chain solutions for our customers which cover all elements in the supply of materials ensure transparency and allow realtime adjustments. By offering customized solutions and enabling customers to access our products and services via customer portals online shops and ordering apps we aim to increase customer retention. Artificial intelligence AI can also be used to meet specific customer requirements for example with regard to speed of delivery material quality or pricing and to optimize internal logistics and production processes. 

Score 0.426
We refer to the explanations provided by the Management in the section EU Taxonomy of the combined nonfinancial statement of the company and the group integrated into the combined management report pursuant to Sections b c HGB and Sections b c HGB. This section describes that the EU Taxonomy Regulation and its related delegated acts contain formulations and terms that are still subject to significant interpretative uncertainties for which clarifications have not yet been published in every case. The legal representatives explain how they have made the necessary interpretations of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and its related delegated acts. Due to the inherent risk that undefined legal terms may be interpreted differently the compliance of the interpretations with legal requirements is subject to uncertainties. Our audit opinion on the combined management report is not modified in this regard.

Score 0.425
neutral steel production.

Score 0.424
Persistent organic pollutants are exempted if they occur as unintentional trace contamination. Hazardous substances in electrical and electronic appliances as defined in Annex II to Directive EU are exempted if the provisions of Article of Directive EU are complied with in full. Chemical substances as defined in Annex XVII to Regulation EC No. are exempted if the conditions defined in that Annex are complied with in full. Also exempted are substances in a concentration of more than . percent by mass which satisfy the criteria defined in Article of Regulation EC No. by at least months and were determined in accordance with Article if it is established and documented that no suitable alternative substances or technologies are available and these substances are used under controlled conditions. 

Score 0.423
In the st quarter ended December due to the decline in demand in the warehousing business caused especially by the weak German economy and the associated lower expectations for the future result of operations it was necessary to recognize impairment losses of million in the Materials Germany business field in the Distribution Services business unit of the Materials Services segment. Thereof million related to technical machinery and equipment million to buildings and million to development costs that were recognized in selling expenses. The recoverable amount relevant for determining the respective impairment loss is the value in use for which a discount rate after tax of . was applied. The value in use amounts to a total of million. Moreover impairment testing in the Materials Services segment in the nd quarter ended March identified the need for impairment in the warehousing business in Germany the UK and Hungary and in the automotiverelated service centers in Germany. In the warehousing business impairment losses totaling million were recognized. Thereof million relate to technical machinery and equipment million to other equipment factory and office equipment and million to development costs that were recognized in selling expenses. The impairment losses were mainly due to the lower earnings expectations resulting from a decline in demand caused by the gloomy economic situation. The recoverable amount relevant for determining the impairment loss is the value in use which amounts to million million and million for the cashgenerating units Materials Germany Materials UK and Materials Hungary and for which countryspecific discount rates after tax of . for Germany . for the UK and . for Hungary were applied. However due to the minimum carrying amount specified in IAS . million of the impairment losses calculated could not be recognized. For the same reasons the German automotiverelated service centers of the Materials Services segment recognized impairment losses of million mainly on technical machinery and equipment in the cost of sales. As is also the case for the warehousing business the recoverable amount relevant for determining the impairment losses is the value in use which with the application of a discount rate after tax of . amounts to a total of million. However due to the minimum carrying amount specified in IAS . million of the impairment losses calculated could not be recognized. Moreover in the nd quarter ended March an impairment loss of million was recognized on assets used jointly in the thyssenkrupp group corporate assets that are allocated to Special Units. These assets are allocated proportionately to the cashgenerating units for impairment testing purposes as they do not generate independent cash inflows. The impairment loss results from the reduced viability of the corporate assets due in particular to the cashgenerating units of Materials Services in connection with the impairment losses recognized there in the nd quarter ended March . In the rd quarter ended June an impairment of the capitalized development costs in the stockkeeping materials trading business in Germany of million was recognized within selling and general and administrative expenses. The recoverable amount relevant for determining the impairment loss corresponds to the value in use which based on an underlying discount rate after taxes of . amounts to a total of million. However due to the minimum carrying amount specified in IAS . million of the impairment losses calculated could not be recognized. In the th quarter ended September impairment losses totaling million were recognized in the German warehousing business of the Materials Services segment in selling expenses. Thereof million relate to technical machinery and equipment million to other equipment factory and office equipment and million to capitalized development costs. This was mainly caused by the reduced earnings expectations unchanged compared with the impairment losses recognized during the year due to the gloomy economic situation and the resulting decline in demand. The recoverable amount relevant for determining the impairment loss is the value in use which amounts to 

Score 0.42
Material recovery from nonhazardous waste 

Score 0.42
To make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that the plants manufactured by this activity produce hydrogen or hydrogen derivatives that achieve the greenhouse gas emissions savings across their life cycle as specified in Annex V of Regulation EU . For the plant engineering projects to manufacture water electrolysis plants that were considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in the reporting year the tender documents issued by the EU Innovation Fund are used to determine achievement of the specified emissions savings. Fulfillment of the DNSH criteria in the performance of these business activities was reviewed in accordance with the procedures and verification documents outlined in the DNSHspecific sections. 

Score 0.418
CCM Climate change mitigation . Manufacture of iron and steel Upgrading million 

Score 0.418
TAXONOMYELIGIBLE BUSINESS ACTIVITIES OF THYSSENKRUPP 

Score 0.418
The European Unions Taxonomy Regulation Regulation EU hereinafter referred to as the EU Taxonomy is a key component of the Green Deal and the Action Plan on Financing Sustainable Growth to reach the environmental objectives adopted by the European Union by . The EU Taxonomy aims to use standardized evaluation criteria to create transparency on environmentally sustainable economic activities for capital market participants and establish a common understanding as a basis for directing financial flows and investments to the activities that are most urgently needed for the transition to a more sustainable economy in order to achieve the environmental objectives. 

Score 0.418
Aerospace CCM . Material recovery from nonhazardous waste Slag processing 

Score 0.416
As of September million prior year million of the total of provisions for employee benefits and other provisions are current while million prior year million are noncurrent. Provisions of million prior year million have a remaining term of more than one year. Provisions for employee compensation and benefit costs primarily represent employment anniversary bonuses and obligations for the management incentive plans while social plan and related costs pertaining to personnel related structural measures are reflected in the provision for restructuring activities. Pension related obligations for partial retirement agreements and early retirement programs partly resulting from restructurings are part of the provision for pensions and similar obligations. Product warranties and product defects represent the groups responsibility for the proper functioning of the goods sold product warranty as well as the obligation that arise from the use of the products sold product defect. 

Score 0.415
Reduction of emissions in production and processes thyssenkrupp annual report Combined management report Technology and innovations

Score 0.415
ENVIRONMENTAL OBJECTIVES ACCORDING TO ARTICLE OF THE EU TAXONOMY

Score 0.413
International machinery production is expected to increase by . in . thyssenkrupp annual report Combined management report Report on the economic position

Score 0.413
Wholesale and foreign trade clerk Chairman of the thyssenkrupp Materials Services Works Council Union Chairman of the thyssenkrupp GfT Gleistechnik GmbH works council Appointed until German 

Score 0.413
 The undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels. NO The undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of combined heatcool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels. NO The undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heatcool using fossil gaseous fuels. NO thyssenkrupp annual report Combined management report Overview of nonfinancial disclosures

Score 0.412
 The Steel Europe segment is focused on the market for premium flat carbon steel here the development depends to a large extent on the European economy. Due to the persistently challenging market environment the first concept for the planned realignment of the steel business was prepared. Key elements of the existing Strategy have been confirmed for the new organization. They deliver opportunities as a result of systematically aligning the business to attractive future markets and profitable steel grades improving production performance and product quality and achieving climateneutral steel production. Alongside the structural measures aimed at enabling the segment to finance itself in the longterm on the basis of its own earnings power measures from the current performance program are being intensified and implemented to achieve the necessary earnings effects. Target achievement is being support additionally by the APEX performance program in which all corresponding programs are consolidated. Examples include especially efficiency improvements in production operations and in the areas of energy and logistics further cost improvements and procurement successes. Key focus areas of our Strategy such as the implementation of the investment program are judged to be still right and work on these will continue. The extensive new and maintenance investments that have already been implemented provide opportunities for specifically accessing new market potential at the same time supporting costreducing structural measures. Following the startup of the first units such as the additional walking beam furnace at hot strip mill in Duisburg and the hotdip coating line in Dortmund at the end of the next step involved a double reversing mill that came into operation in October . This facility can be used to roll highperformance steel for electromobility as well as highstrength multiphase and lightweight steels for our automotive customers. In addition the installation of an annealing and isolating line was completed in the rd quarter of . This is aimed at further expanding our expertise in steel for electromobility thereby supporting the development of this market segment. Also connected with this is the production of our powercore

Score 0.411
Product and process quality and meeting the corresponding quality requirements of our customers have top priority for us. However we cannot rule out the possibility that we will not always be able to meet these quality standards. We still classify the risks arising from this as low and we counter them with extensive measures in connection with production and quality assurance systems. Further details on specific sales risks in our businesses and on our receivables management system which is designed to counter the risk of bad debt are provided in the section Operational risks of the businesses. 

Score 0.41
Manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen 

Score 0.409
The condition for including taxonomyeligible business activities in EU Taxonomy reporting is that external turnover is generated by a business activity that is consistent with the description of an economic activity in accordance with the delegated acts. If a business activity is allocated to a research and developmentrelated economic activity this must either generate external turnover or be associated with a capital expenditure CapEx andor operating expenditure OpEx. A materiality threshold of million applies in both cases. In the first case it must be satisfied by turnover associated with a business activity and in the second case either by turnover associated with a business activity or by capital expenditure or operating expenditure for this activity. 

Score 0.409
AATLAS ELEKTRONIK GmbH Bremen BBERCO Deutschland GmbH Ennepetal Blohm Voss Shipyards Services GmbH Hamburg CCarValoo GmbH Essen GGerman Marine Systems GmbH Hamburg HHagenuk Marinekommunikation GmbH Flintbek JJacob Bek GmbH Ulm MMax Cochius GmbH Berlin PPSL Wälzlager GmbH Dietzenbach RReisebüro Dr. Tigges GmbH Essen Tthyssenkrupp Academy GmbH Düsseldorf thyssenkrupp Aerospace Germany GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp AT.Pro tec GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Automation Engineering GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Automotive Body Solutions GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Automotive Systems GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Bilstein GmbH Ennepetal thyssenkrupp CarbonChem GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Components Tech GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Decarbon Technologies GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp DeliCate GmbH Düsseldorf thyssenkrupp Materials Services Digital Innovations GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Dritte Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH Duisburg thyssenkrupp Dynamic Components GmbH Ilsenburg thyssenkrupp Dynamic Components Chemnitz GmbH Chemnitz thyssenkrupp Dynamic Components Ilsenburg GmbH Ilsenburg thyssenkrupp Facilities Services GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Federn GmbH Hagen thyssenkrupp Federn und Stabilisatoren GmbH Hagen thyssenkrupp Fertilizer Technology GmbH Dortmund thyssenkrupp Gerlach GmbH HomburgSaar thyssenkrupp GfT Gleistechnik GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Grundbesitz Verwaltungs GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Holding Germany GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Industrial Crankshafts GmbH HomburgSaar thyssenkrupp Industrial Solutions AG Essen thyssenkrupp Information Management GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Intellectual Property GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Management Consulting GmbH Düsseldorf thyssenkrupp Marine Systems GmbH Kiel thyssenkrupp Materials Business Services GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Materials DataflowWorks GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Materials Processing Europe GmbH Krefeld thyssenkrupp Materials Services GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Materials Services Digital Innovations GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Materials Trading GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp nucera HTE GmbH Dortmund thyssenkrupp nucera Participations GmbH Dortmund thyssenkrupp Plastics GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Polysius GmbH Essen thyssenkrupp Presta Mülheim GmbH Mülheim thyssenkrupp Presta Schönebeck GmbH Schönebeck thyssenkrupp annual report Group financial statements thyssenkrupp group Notes to the financial statements

Score 0.408
To enhance the visibility of thyssenkrupps capabilities in respect of the green transformation and to give the businesses operating in this growth market a new profile within the group we realigned our portfolio effective October . Specifically we combined our key technologies for the decarbonization of industry in the new Decarbon Technologies segment. The Bearings and Forged Technologies business units which were reported as segments in the prior year were transferred to the new Decarbon Technologies segment and to the Automotive Technology segment respectively. For further details of the realignment of the portfolio please refer to the Strategy subsection. In the past fiscal year our business activities were organized in five segments Automotive Technology Decarbon Technologies Materials Services Steel Europe and Marine Systems. The segments are generally divided into business units and operating units. As of September companies and investments accounted for by the equity method are included in the consolidated financial statements overall we consolidate companies from countries. Our service units are combined at two companies thyssenkrupp Services GmbH and thyssenkrupp Information Management GmbH and provide crosscutting services to the businesses and Corporate Headquarters. Furthermore four regional platforms offer services required by the operating businesses in the various regions. Details on this can be found under Corporate Headquarters in the section Report on the economic position. 

Score 0.408
Thereof enabling activities 

Score 0.408
Materials expense in relation to sales 

Score 0.407
In fiscal year a divestment process was initiated for the activities of thyssenkrupp Industries India which was part of the Decarbon Technologies segment. This transaction was completed on May and thyssenkrupp Industries India was therefore deconsolidated. Also in fiscal year a divestment process was initiated for the activities of thyssenkrupp Electrical Steel India which is part of the Steel Europe segment. These activities met the criteria set forth in IFRS for recognition as a disposal group for the first time in the th quarter of . Therefore the assets and liabilities relating to these activities have to be presented separately in the statement of financial position as of September . The business performance is presented by segment. The GCGC contains recommendations for disclosures on the internal control and risk management system that go beyond the statutory requirements for the management report and are therefore outside the scope of the audit of the content of the management report performed by the auditor. In this report they are assigned to the content of the corporate governance statement moreover they are contained in separate paragraphs to set them apart from the disclosures to be audited and flagged accordingly. The links are not part of the management report or the audit. 

Score 0.407
 Sales in the global machinery sector will probably rise by . in . Economic weakness especially in industrialized countries remains a risk to the sectors growth. As a result of the interest rate cuts made by the Fed a slight upturn could occur towards the end of the year. Growth of . is forecast for . The indicators in China point to growth of just . in . Subdued momentum and . growth are also expected for . The machinery sector in the USA is likely to shrink by . in with a slight recovery of just . expected for the following year. The economic policy of the new US government remains an important factor that could have farreaching 

Score 0.406
Buildings inclusive of investment properties to yearsBuildings and land improvements to yearsTechnical machinery and equipment to yearsFactory and office equipment to years

Score 0.406
demand in Turkey due to reconstruction following the spring earthquake has not continued this year. Tighter financial conditions to curb high inflation rates are holding back steel industry development. EU demand for finished steel decreased by . as a consequence of the war in Ukraine and the weak economic environment in . Due to the continuing cyclical weakness a further decline in demand of . is anticipated for the current year. Germany in particular will contribute a decline of .. In again the development of the global steel market remains beset with high risks due to the ongoing geopolitical crises and growing protectionism in international trade. In following the decrease a year earlier the EU market for flat carbon steel declined by a further . to . million tons. The main causes of this include the ongoing negative impacts of the war in Ukraine high energy prices and inflation as well as the continuing weakness of the global economy. Following a brief upturn in demand in the first half of declining economic momentum in the second half of the year resulted in a renewed decline in demand. Whereas deliveries from the EU plants still served most of the growing demand at the start of imports increased significantly over the course of the year. In as a whole . million tons of flat steel products were imported into the EU. This accounted for . of the EU market only slightly below the prioryear figure .. In the st half of demand for flat steel dropped to . million tons . below the weak prioryear level of . million tons. The weak demand was additionally impacted by a significant yearonyear rise in imports increase of . to a market share of .. By contrast deliveries from the EU plants declined .. The main industries that process flat steel and are relevant to us such as the automotive industry engineering and construction continued to see low order intake. Many companies are still working off their decreasing order backlogs which has prevented a stronger decline in production to date. A lack of economic impetus is dampening the outlook for the rest of the year and a recovery in demand in the EU is not expected until at the earliest. The recovery in demand at the start of the st quarter of as a result of the improved economic outlook continued to have a positive impact on spot price trends in the EU flat steel market until April. Thereafter weakening demand and increased pressure from imports caused a decline in prices. Mirroring demand trends prices recovered slightly for a time from fall but trended downward again from March . Until August the spot prices remained stable at a low level due to low economic momentum. They have been moving downward since the start of September. In the first nine months of iron ore prices were on average . lower than in the prior year. In the same period the prices of coking coal fell by . compared with a year earlier. For the global steel industry association anticipates only a slight increase of . in world steel demand due to a further decline of . in demand in China primarily as a result of a continuing decrease in demand from the real estate industry. The increase will by boosted by continuing high growth in demand in India especially .. The forecast for the EU market assumes growth of . with Germany expected to contribute an increase of . after the very low levels in the prior years. For the USA demand for finished steel is expected to rise by .. However the outlook is beset by great uncertainty. Whether demand actually develops in line with the forecast will depend on whether the anticipated and repeatedly postponed economic recovery occurs or whether the dampening factors described above continue to dominate. 

Score 0.405
MATERIALS SERVICES IN FIGURES 

Score 0.405
Changes in the groups property plant and equipment were as follows 

Score 0.404
Sales millionAdjusted EBIT million Volume supplier of chassis and powertrain components Assembly and logistics partner Manufacture of forged components and system solutions for the resource construction and mobility sectors Supplier of body assembly lines and volume producer of lightweight body parts Supplier of powertrain and battery production lines and manufacturer of springs and stabilizers for the automotive industry

Score 0.404
In the st quarter ended December the Steel Europe segment had to recognize impairment losses mainly due to the increased cost of capital. Applying a discount rate after tax of . for future cash flows the relevant value in use was million. The resulting impairment loss recognized by Steel Europe amounts to million. Thereof million relates to technical machinery and equipment million to construction in progress million to buildings million to land million to other equipment factory and office equipment million to development costs and million to other intangible assets. Impairment losses of million were recorded in the cost of sales million in general and administrative expenses million in selling expenses and million in research and development cost. The underlying value in use is based on the assumptions current at that time for the course of business until taking into account the effects of the initiated green transformation. A simplified extrapolation is then carried out until . In the th quarter ended September a renewed impairment test was conducted in the Steel Europe segment which resulted in the recognition of an impairment loss. To determine the recoverable amount of the segment or the cash generating unit Steel Europe the fair value less costs of disposal was calculated. Due to the pending divestment the assets and liabilities for highquality grainoriented electrical steel in India were classified as held for sale as of the reporting date and were thus no longer included in the valuation of the Steel Europe segment see Note . The fair value less costs of disposal was determined on the basis of income level of the fair value hierarchy a weighted average cost of capital after tax of . was applied to discount the future cash flows. On the basis of the fair value less costs of disposal of million impairment losses of million were recognized on assets. The underlying cash flows are based on current assumptions for business development until taking account of the effects of the announced adjustment of the production network and the effects of the green transformation that has been initiated. This is followed by a simplified projection up to taking into account a growth rate based on inflation expectations of . The very gloomy economic situation especially in the core sales market of Germany the structural challenges in the German automotive industry as a key customer segment and the high degree of uncertainty especially due to the ongoing negative effects of the Ukraine war and the continuing cyclical weakness of the global economy were explicitly included in the sustainable shipment and margin expectations with corresponding risk discounts in the cash flows. These factors and circumstances in combination with the persistently high costs of energy and capital and the significant investments expected in the course of business especially in respect of the green transformation resulted in further impairment losses. In connection with the green transformation the economic effects expected from the ongoing construction of the first direct reduction plant and the current and expected future legal and economic conditions e.g. trading in CO