Scores_g_WHOLESALE AND RETAIL TRADE; REPAIR OF MOTOR VEHICLES AND MOTORCYCLESScore 0.61
Code No. Economic activity according to the delegated acts Business activity or product Segment Unit 

Score 0.525
This segment is focused on the global distribution of materials and the provision of technical services for the production and manufacturing sectors. 

Score 0.5
Business activities are taxonomyeligible if they are consistent with the descriptions of the economic activities contained in the delegated acts in respect of the environmental objectives of the EU Taxonomy. It is not significant that they satisfy the technical screening criteria defined there for each economic activity. By contrast business activities that are not consistent with the description of an economic activity may not be classified as taxonomyeligible. 

Score 0.496
The activity description refers to the manufacture of automotive components for vehicle categories M N and L in accordance with the EU classification which according to the delegated act meet the criteria set out in this Section and which are essential for delivering and improving the environmental performance of the vehicle. However assessing the taxonomy eligibility using technical screening criteria contradicts Commission Notice C No. which states that an economic activity is eligible irrespective of whether it meets the technical screening criteria laid down in the delegated acts. For this reason we classify the manufacture of all automotive components for these vehicle classes as taxonomyeligible. Technical screening criteria are used only to review the taxonomy alignment. We classify slit strip manufactured for the automotive industry as taxonomyeligible because it is consistent with the definition of a component in accordance with Regulation EU and Regulation EU No. . 

Score 0.495
Sales Group external sales from taxonomyaligned economic activities Total Group external sales CapEx aCapital expenditure on taxonomyaligned economic activities bCapital expenditure that is part of a CapEx plan cCapital expenditure in accordance with EU Annex I No. .... lit. c Total capital expenditure OpEx a Operating expenditure on taxonomyaligned activities b Operating expenditure that is part of a CapEx plan c Operating expenditure in accordance with EU Annex I No. .... lit. c Total operating expenditure 

Score 0.494
Revenue from the sale of goods and commodities is recognized at the point in time at which control is transferred to the customer. The time of transfer of control is determined partly on the basis of the delivery clauses agreed with the customer. In the case of goods and commodities supplied under consignment arrangements sales revenue is generally recognized when the corresponding goods are removed from consignment by the customer. Sales revenue from contracts with customers in the plant construction business is recognized over time based on the stage of completion. The stage of completion is as a rule determined by the ratio of contract costs incurred up to the reporting date to the total estimated contract costs as of the reporting date costtocostmethod. Contract losses are recognized as expense immediately and reported in the statement of financial position under other provisions. The recognition of revenue over time for the performance of services is generally carried out through linear allocation of the transaction price over the service performance period. Incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer are capitalized under noncurrent nonfinancial assets only if they relate to contracts with an original expected duration of more than months. They are amortized by the straightline method over the term of the contract. If the performance obligations fulfilled for the customer exceed the payments received or due from the customer contract assets are recognized in the statement of financial position on a net basis insofar as the right to receive payment from the customer is still conditional. Unconditional rights to receive payment are recognized under trade accounts receivable and from this point payment automatically becomes due with the passage of time. If the payments received or due from the customer exceed the performance obligations fulfilled contract liabilities are recognized in the statement of financial position on a net basis. 

Score 0.494
Materials expense of the segmentsas of sales 

Score 0.487
B. TAXONOMYNONELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES Sales of Taxonomynoneligible activities B 

Score 0.485
As well as the manufacturing of aircraft the description of the activity includes the manufacturing of parts and equipment for aircraft the provision of related services as well as Maintenance Repair and Overhaul MRO to the extent that these can be linked to an eligible aircraft type and improves or maintains the level of efficiency of the aircraft. The efficiency of the aircraft is an ambiguous legal term because it is not explained in more detail in the delegated act. For this reason the term is interpreted as all costbenefit relationships that can be associated with an aircraft. That is why we define the recyclability at the end of the life cycle of the aircraft components manufactured in the context of this economic activity as a criterion for efficiency. 

Score 0.473
In fiscal year the turnover generated by taxonomyeligible economic activities amounted to million which was of the groups total turnover. This increase by percentage points resulted mainly from the firsttime classification of the economic activities Manufacture of automotive and mobility components and Manufacturing of aircraft as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year it was offset primarily by declines in turnover in the steel business. Taxonomyeligible CapEx of million in the reporting year accounted for of total capital expenditure which was percentage points higher than in the prior year. Taxonomyeligible OpEx in the reporting year amounted to million which was of total operating expenditure and percentage points higher than in the prior year. The increases in taxonomyeligible CapEx and OpEx resulted mainly from the firsttime classification of the economic activity Manufacture of automotive and mobility components as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year. 

Score 0.472
Turnover is the main parameter used as the basis for technical screening criteria for assessing the taxonomy alignment of business activities. This applies analogously to capital and operating expenditures associated with these business activities irrespective of their intended purpose. For example on the basis of their intended purpose capital expenditures for a business activity could potentially be allocated to a different economic activity listed in the delegated acts which in turn could involve different screening criteria. This is ruled out by applying the principle that turnover has the priority. In the case of business activities allocated to a research and developmentrelated economic activity on the basis of turnover the technical screening criteria are derived from capital and operating expenditure. 

Score 0.471
As of September the groups current assets include contract assets in the amount of million prior year million adjusted see Note of these million prior year million adjusted have a remaining term of more than one year. In the fiscal year impairment losses on contract assets were recognized in the amount of million prior year million under selling expenses. The decrease in contract assets in the reporting year resulted mainly from the deconsolidation of thyssenkrupp Industries India in the Decarbon Technologies segment from lower order costs in the plant construction business in the Automotive Technology segment and from currency translation. As of September the groups current liabilities include contract liabilities in the amount of million prior year million adjusted see Note of these million prior year million adjusted have a remaining term of more than one year. The increase in contract liabilities related mainly to the plant construction business in the Marine Systems segment here an increase in cumulatively recorded customer advance payments was offset by a lower increase in cumulatively recorded contract costs and results. The deconsolidation of thyssenkrupp Industries India in the Decarbon Technologies segment had a particularly opposite effect. In the course of the fiscal year sales in the amount of million prior year million was recognized which was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the fiscal year. In the fiscal year sales from performance obligations satisfied or partly satisfied in earlier periods amounted to million prior year million. The total transaction price allocated to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied as of September which making use of the practical expedients under IFRS .a have an original expected duration of more than months amounted to million prior year million. The expected recognition of the corresponding sales over time is as follows 

Score 0.47
In the st quarter ended December due to the decline in demand in the warehousing business caused especially by the weak German economy and the associated lower expectations for the future result of operations it was necessary to recognize impairment losses of million in the Materials Germany business field in the Distribution Services business unit of the Materials Services segment. Thereof million related to technical machinery and equipment million to buildings and million to development costs that were recognized in selling expenses. The recoverable amount relevant for determining the respective impairment loss is the value in use for which a discount rate after tax of . was applied. The value in use amounts to a total of million. Moreover impairment testing in the Materials Services segment in the nd quarter ended March identified the need for impairment in the warehousing business in Germany the UK and Hungary and in the automotiverelated service centers in Germany. In the warehousing business impairment losses totaling million were recognized. Thereof million relate to technical machinery and equipment million to other equipment factory and office equipment and million to development costs that were recognized in selling expenses. The impairment losses were mainly due to the lower earnings expectations resulting from a decline in demand caused by the gloomy economic situation. The recoverable amount relevant for determining the impairment loss is the value in use which amounts to million million and million for the cashgenerating units Materials Germany Materials UK and Materials Hungary and for which countryspecific discount rates after tax of . for Germany . for the UK and . for Hungary were applied. However due to the minimum carrying amount specified in IAS . million of the impairment losses calculated could not be recognized. For the same reasons the German automotiverelated service centers of the Materials Services segment recognized impairment losses of million mainly on technical machinery and equipment in the cost of sales. As is also the case for the warehousing business the recoverable amount relevant for determining the impairment losses is the value in use which with the application of a discount rate after tax of . amounts to a total of million. However due to the minimum carrying amount specified in IAS . million of the impairment losses calculated could not be recognized. Moreover in the nd quarter ended March an impairment loss of million was recognized on assets used jointly in the thyssenkrupp group corporate assets that are allocated to Special Units. These assets are allocated proportionately to the cashgenerating units for impairment testing purposes as they do not generate independent cash inflows. The impairment loss results from the reduced viability of the corporate assets due in particular to the cashgenerating units of Materials Services in connection with the impairment losses recognized there in the nd quarter ended March . In the rd quarter ended June an impairment of the capitalized development costs in the stockkeeping materials trading business in Germany of million was recognized within selling and general and administrative expenses. The recoverable amount relevant for determining the impairment loss corresponds to the value in use which based on an underlying discount rate after taxes of . amounts to a total of million. However due to the minimum carrying amount specified in IAS . million of the impairment losses calculated could not be recognized. In the th quarter ended September impairment losses totaling million were recognized in the German warehousing business of the Materials Services segment in selling expenses. Thereof million relate to technical machinery and equipment million to other equipment factory and office equipment and million to capitalized development costs. This was mainly caused by the reduced earnings expectations unchanged compared with the impairment losses recognized during the year due to the gloomy economic situation and the resulting decline in demand. The recoverable amount relevant for determining the impairment loss is the value in use which amounts to 

Score 0.47
As of September million prior year million of the total of provisions for employee benefits and other provisions are current while million prior year million are noncurrent. Provisions of million prior year million have a remaining term of more than one year. Provisions for employee compensation and benefit costs primarily represent employment anniversary bonuses and obligations for the management incentive plans while social plan and related costs pertaining to personnel related structural measures are reflected in the provision for restructuring activities. Pension related obligations for partial retirement agreements and early retirement programs partly resulting from restructurings are part of the provision for pensions and similar obligations. Product warranties and product defects represent the groups responsibility for the proper functioning of the goods sold product warranty as well as the obligation that arise from the use of the products sold product defect. 

Score 0.469
Sales and sales from contracts with customers are presented below 

Score 0.468
In the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that none of the aforementioned substances on their own in mixtures or in articles are manufactured placed on the market or used or that this is done only in accordance with the exemptions described above. Such evidence includes for example lists of substances with a CLP classification in accordance with Regulation EC No. declarations of conformity safety data sheets and declarations of RoHS compliance from the sites that perform the activities. 

Score 0.466
 Provisions for pensions and similar obligations Other provisions Trade accounts payable contract liabilities

Score 0.465
We refer to the explanations provided by the Management in the section EU Taxonomy of the combined nonfinancial statement of the company and the group integrated into the combined management report pursuant to Sections b c HGB and Sections b c HGB. This section describes that the EU Taxonomy Regulation and its related delegated acts contain formulations and terms that are still subject to significant interpretative uncertainties for which clarifications have not yet been published in every case. The legal representatives explain how they have made the necessary interpretations of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and its related delegated acts. Due to the inherent risk that undefined legal terms may be interpreted differently the compliance of the interpretations with legal requirements is subject to uncertainties. Our audit opinion on the combined management report is not modified in this regard.

Score 0.463
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when the included distinct performance obligations i.e. the distinct goods or services promised in the contract are transferred to the customer. Transfer takes place when the customer obtains control of the promised goods or services. This is generally the case when the customer has the ability to direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the transferred goods or services. Revenue from contracts with customers corresponds to the transaction price. The transaction price includes variable consideration only to the extent it is highly probable that actual occurrence of the variable consideration will not result in a significant revenue reversal. Variable consideration can include for example volume discounts delay penalties early completion incentives or credits in connection with bonus agreements. The transaction price is not adjusted for a financing component mainly because the period between the transfer of goods and services and the date of payment by the customer is generally less than twelve months. Where a contract with a customer has multiple distinct performance obligations the transaction price is allocated to the performance obligations by reference to their relative standalone selling prices. The standalone selling prices are determined on the basis of directly observable market prices or using recognized estimation methods. If distinct performance obligations are satisfied acting as an agent the revenue recognized is not the gross amount payable by the customer but only the net amount retained as a commissionlike fee for the respective performance obligation. 

Score 0.46
Business activities are taxonomyaligned if they meet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the EU Taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to Article of the EU Taxonomy DNSH criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to Article . 

Score 0.458
SALES CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND OPERATING EXPENDITURE ACCORDING TO EU TAXONOMY 

Score 0.458
A single noncurrent asset is classified as held for sale if its carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. The group reports assets and liabilities as a disposal group that will be disposed of by sale or otherwise in a single transaction which collectively meet the held for sale criteria as specified in IFRS Noncurrent Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations. The group reports the assets and liabilities of a disposal group separately in the balance sheet line item assets held for saledisposal and liabilities associated with assets held for saledisposal respectively. Unless a disposal group qualifies for discontinued operations reporting the revenues and expenses of the disposal group remain within continuing operations until the date of disposal. The group reports the results of a disposal group that also qualifies as a separate component of the group as discontinued operations if it represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations. The group reports the results of discontinued operations in the period in which they occur separately within the consolidated statement of income as discontinued operations net of tax. All prior period consolidated statements of income are adjusted to report the results of the component within discontinued operations. In the consolidated statement of cash flows the cash flows resulting from discontinued operations are presented separately from cash flows resulting from continuing operations prior year presentation has been adjusted accordingly. On initial classification as held for sale noncurrent assets and disposal groups are recognized at the lower of the carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and depreciation and amortization ceases. Immediately before this a noncurrent asset or disposal group is initially measured in line with the respective IFRS standards to determine the carrying amount which is then compared to the fair value less costs of disposal of the group in order to recognize the group at the lower of both amounts. Impairment losses on initial classification as held for sale are included in profit or loss as are gains and losses on subsequent remeasurement but not in excess of the cumulative impairment loss.

Score 0.457
A provision for warranties is recognized when the underlying products or services are sold. The provision is based on historical warranty data and a weighting of all possible outcomes against their associated probabilities. For construction contracts the provision is recognized in line with the performance progress according to the percentage of completion i.e. pro rata over the period of fulfillment. Provisions for restructuring costs are recognized when the group has a detailed formal plan for the restructuring and has notified the affected parties. A provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the expected benefits to be derived by the group from a contract are lower than the unavoidable cost of meeting its obligations under the contract. Before a separate provision is recognized the assets associated with the contract are impaired.

Score 0.453
Year ended Sept. External sales Internal sales within the group Sales Income from companies accounted for using the equity method Aggregate investment in investees accounted for using the equity method EBIT Adjusted EBIT Average capital employed Depreciation expense Impairment losses of intangible assets property plant and equipment inclusive of investment property Reversals of impairment losses of intangible assets property plant and equipment inclusive of investment property Significant noncash items Capital expenditures intangible assets property plant and equipment inclusive of investment property 

Score 0.452
Substantial contribution criteria DNSH criteria Economic activities Code OpEx ShareCCMCCA WTRPPC CEBIO CCMCCA WTRPPCCEBIO MS NCategory 

Score 0.451
Substantial contribution criteria DNSH criteria Economic activities Code Sales ShareCCMCCA WTRPPC CEBIO CCMCCA WTRPPCCEBIO MS NCategory 

Score 0.447
 On the basis of the expert assessment in the course of determining taxonomyeligible business activities 

Score 0.446
Taxonomyeligible business activities 

Score 0.446
updating and supporting the ongoing development of further compliance topics in the group especially the implementation of the German Act on Corporate Due Diligence Obligations in Supply Chains 

Score 0.445
Sales of taxonomyeligible activities A. A. 

Score 0.444
In order to determine thyssenkrupps taxonomyeligible business activities the delegated acts issued in respect of the environmental objectives of the EU Taxonomy were analyzed at group level by a team of experts. Those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts. The resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the respective activity. This process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods. In fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible 

Score 0.444
Selling and buying market related liabilities Liabilities to the employees Other liabilities social security Deferred income Other tax liabilities wo income taxes Miscellaneous Total 

Score 0.444
The gross carrying amounts and the impairment losses on trade accounts receivable recognized at fair value recognized in equity developed as follows 

Score 0.442
Sales declined in the reporting period and were lower than in the prior year. The main reasons for this were price and volumeinduced declines in the businesses of the Materials Services and Steel Europe segments as well as a drop in sales in the automotive businesses. They were offset by sales increases in the plant engineering businesses of the Decarbon Technologies segment and in the marine businesses. At the same time the cost of sales decreased by which was out of proportion to the sales trend. The main reasons were significantly lower materials expenses lower energy expenses a yearonyear decline in impairment losses including impairment losses on corporate assets in the Steel Europe segment by million from million to million and the resulting lower depreciation and amortization. The main offsetting effects in the reporting year were expenses arising from the market valuation of commodity derivatives and higher personnel expenses in connection with collective wage agreements and restructuring measures. In addition higher costs were incurred in the reporting year for individual legacy plant engineering projects at Polysius cement industry part of the Decarbon Technologies segment. Overall both the gross profit of million and the gross margin of . were higher than in the prior year. The increase in research and development costs resulted especially from higher personnel expenses also in connection with restructuring measures in the Decarbon Technologies segment. In addition impairment losses increased by million to million. The rise in selling expenses primarily concerned impairment losses that increased by million to a total of million in the reporting year and personnel expenses in connection with restructuring measures in the Materials Services segment these were offset especially by a decline in salesrelated freight expenses. General and administrative expenses more or less matched the prioryear level mainly due to impairment losses in the Steel Europe segment that were million lower at million they were offset especially by higher personnel expenses. The principal reasons for the increase in other income were higher income in connection with compensation for electricity prices in the Steel Europe segment income from the entry into effect of a supply agreement classified as an embedded lease in the Materials Services segment and income from charging on costs to subsuppliers for remedying quality deficits in customer contracts in the Automotive Technology segment. The increase in other expenses resulted especially from the impairment loss of million recognized on goodwill in the st half of the reporting year in connection with the thyssenkrupp Industries India disposal group that existed until its sale at the start of May . Also in the reporting year the Steel Europe segment incurred costs in connection with a hydrogen pipeline and the Automotive Technology segment incurred costs for remedying quality deficits in customer contracts. 

Score 0.442
 distributors and service providers. With 

Score 0.442
Sales Revenue from contracts with customers IFRS Revenue from leases IFRS CapEx Additions to property plant and equipment IAS Additions to investment property IAS Additions to intangible assets IAS Additions to rightofuse assets from leases IFRS excluding amortisation and revaluations including those from reversals of impairment losses and impairments

Score 0.441
In fiscal year for market strategy reasons the Steel Europe segment initiated the divestment process for Indian company Electrical Steel India Private Ltd. which manufactures grainoriented electrical steel. These activities met the criteria set forth in IFRS for recognition as a disposal group for the first time in the th quarter of . As a result the assets and liabilities of the disposal group were reported separately in the line items Assets held for sale and Liabilities associated with assets held for sale in the statement of financial position as of September . The contract for the sale of the Indian electrical steel business to JSW Steel Limited and JFE Steel Corporation an IndoJapanese consortium was signed on October see also Note . The aim is to close the transaction within the coming months. In connection with the divestment process initiated a review of the valuation of the assets in accordance with IAS was conducted immediately before the firsttime classification as a disposal group. This resulted in a reversal of impairments totaling million because the fair value less the costs of disposal is higher than the carrying amount. Of this amount million relate to land and buildings million to technical machinery and equipment and million to factory and office equipment. It is reported in the cost of sales in the th quarter of at the same time deferred taxes of million were recognized. The assets and liabilities that comprised the disposal group as of September are shown in the following table. The cumulative other comprehensive income in the equity allocated to the disposal group amounted to million as of September . 

Score 0.441
our Materials as a Service strategy we combine our distribution business with 

Score 0.44
The disclosures for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure for the reporting year do not include data for business activities that were reclassified as taxonomyeligible or allocated to the new economic activities pursuant to Delegated Regulation EU or Delegated Regulation EU . 

Score 0.44
Determining taxonomyeligible business activities 

Score 0.439
The lease liabilities include the following lease payments over the respective lease term Fixed payments less lease incentives to be paid by the lessor variable lease payments that are based on an index or an interest rate expected amounts to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees the exercise price of a purchase option if the exercise is reasonably certain and payment of penalties for the termination of the lease if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease. Rightofuse assets are measured at cost which are comprised as follows Lease liability lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received initial direct costs and dismantling obligations. Subsequent measurement is performed at amortized cost. Rightofuse assets are depreciated on a straightline basis over the lease term unless the useful life of the underlying asset is shorter. If the lease agreement contains reasonably certain purchase options the right of use is depreciated over the economic life of the underlying asset. In subsequent measurement the lease liability is compounded and the corresponding interest expense is recognized in the financial incomeexpense net. The lease payments made reduce the carrying amount of the lease liability. In accordance with the recognition exemptions shortterm leases less than twelve months and lowvalue leases are recognized in the statement of income. thyssenkrupp has identified certain asset classes e.g. PCs telephones printers copiers which regularly contain leased assets of low value. Outside these asset classes only leased assets with a value of up to are classified as lowvalue leased assets. Furthermore the regulations are not applied to leases of intangible assets. For contracts comprising a nonlease component as well as a lease component each lease component must be accounted for separately from nonlease component as a lease. The lessee must allocate the contractually agreedupon payment to the separate lease components based on the relative standalone selling price of the lease component and the aggregated standalone selling price of the nonlease components. In addition intragroup leases will continue to be presented in the segment report according to IFRS as intercompany expenses or income. The term of the lease is determined based on the noncancellable lease term. Especially real estate leases contain extension and termination options. Such contractual conditions offer the greatest possible operational flexibility to the group. In determining the lease term all facts and circumstances are considered that provide an economic incentive to exercise renewal options or not to exercise termination options. Lease term modifications from the exercise or nonexercise of such options are only considered in the lease term if they are reasonably certain and are based on an event that is within the control of the lessee. 

Score 0.437
Order intake and sales declined significantly in the reporting period compared with the prior year mainly due to lower prices in our key product groups and declining demand. This impacted our European trade and service center units in particular whereas the corresponding North American units posted smaller decreases. By contrast our international supply chain business grew sales. Due to the difficult market situation especially in Germany shipments decreased. In total Materials Services sold . million tons of materials and raw materials in the reporting period . less than in the prior year. 

Score 0.436
To determine the taxonomyaligned business activities profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delegated acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the EU Taxonomy. The qualitative and quantitative screening criteria are extracted from the delegated acts and translated into documentation requirements for the segments and entities that perform the activities. The profiles also include the documentation requirements resulting from the minimum safeguards pursuant to Article of the EU Taxonomy. The evidence for the business activities that must be considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year is compiled in accordance with these profiles of requirements. This process is managed centrally by a team of experts and representatives of the corporate functions. It is then implemented in cooperation with the thyssenkrupp segments and operating entities that perform the activities. Below is a list of the profiles of requirements for the business activities that were screened for their taxonomy alignment in the reporting period with a positive outcome. It explains the specific screening criteria for each economic activity i.e. the criteria for making a substantial contribution to at least one environmental objective of the EU Taxonomy and special DNSH criteria. By contrast the review of general DNSH criteria in accordance with the annexes of the delegated acts for the environmental objectives and the assessment of the availability and application of certain processes to promote the circular economy are explained in the respective DNSHspecific sections. 

Score 0.435
The following domestic subsidiaries in the legal form of a capital corporation or a commercial partnership as defined in Art. a partly made use of the exemption clause included in Art. Par. and Art. b of German Commercial Code 

Score 0.434
Deferred income taxes on noncurrent items Intangible assets Property plant and equipment inclusive of investment property Financial assets Other assets Provisions for pensions and similar obligations Other provisions Other liabilities Deferred income taxes on current items Inventories Other assets

Score 0.432
 forward contracts. In the Automotive Technology segment special items amounted to million and mainly relate to restructurings and impairments. Further special items amounting to million arose in the Materials Services segment they resulted mainly from impairments as well as restructurings and disposals of two companies and million in the Decarbon Technologies segment there they mainly relate to the impairment and deconsolidation of thyssenkrupp Industries India in the course of the disposal process as well as restructuring provisions. In special items of million mainly related to the Steel Europe segment and result mostly from impairment losses on assets see also Note . 

Score 0.432
Goodwill Other intangible assets Property plant and equipment inclusive of investment property Other noncurrent financial assets Deferred tax assets Inventories Trade accounts receivable Contract assets Other current financial assets Other current nonfinancial assets Cash and cash equivalents Total assets disposed of Provisions for pensions and similar obligations Deferred tax liabilities Provisions for current employee benefits Other current provisions Current income tax liabilities Current financial debt Trade accounts payable Contract liabilities Other current nonfinancial liabilities Total liabilities disposed of Net assets disposed of Cumulative other comprehensive income Noncontrolling interest Gainloss resulting from the disposals Selling price Consideration received Sale of daytoday receivables subsequent purchase price payment Selling price consideration received inclusive of sale of daytoday receivables Thereof paid in cash and cash equivalents 

Score 0.431
Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements 

Score 0.431
Raw materials Production supplies Work in progress Finished products merchandise Total 

Score 0.43
Due to unclarified legal terms uncertainty still exists regarding the interpretation of the EU Taxonomy and associated delegated acts. We explain our interpretations of these terms below. 

Score 0.43
In presenting information for geographical areas allocation of sales is based on the location of the customer. Allocation of segment assets and capital expenditures is based on the location of the assets. Capital expenditures are presented in line with the definition of the cash flow statement. There are no individual customers that generate sales values that are material to the groups consolidated net sales. 

Score 0.429
Provisions for other contractual costs represent impending losses from uncompleted contracts. The reversals particularly relate to the Automotive Technology segment. The provision for restructurings consists of provisions for employee termination benefits and exit costs which have been established by operating divisions for costs incurred in connection with activities which do not generate any future economic benefits for the group. Restructurings are being carried out in all segments. The additions to restructuring provisions in the fiscal year in the amount of million in total consists of million at Automotive Technology million at Decarbon Technologies million at Materials Services million at Steel Europe and million at Service Units. The provision for decommissioning obligations mainly consists of obligations associated with mining activities and recultivating landfills. Obligations associated with mining activities and recultivating landfills are generally handled over long periods of time in some cases more than years. The technical parameters are very complex. As a result uncertainty exists with regard to the timing and concrete amount of the expenses. Obligations to secure incurred mining claims with a term of more than years amount to million as of September prior year million. The calculation was based on a discount rate of . prior year . appropriate to the term. The change in the obligation is in particular the result of the reduced interest rate. Other provisions include provisions for litigation risks environmental obligations and other risks from individual items not allocable to other positions. 

Score 0.429
 has a broad understanding of compliance compliance with the law legislation and internal regulations is a must for us and part of our corporate culture. The strict observance of applicable laws and regulations is the basis for our responsible conduct. Compliance therefore has the utmost priority for our company. As well as providing comprehensive support for the core compliance areas corruption prevention antitrust law data protection antimoney laundering and trade compliance compliance work in fiscal year focused on the following main tasks 

Score 0.428
Information on and traceability of substances of concern in products In the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that an assessment of the availability of processes in support of the circular economy has been performed or that such practices are already used in the context of this business activity. Such evidence includes for example operating permits compliance audits relating to waste disposal law environmental audits or productspecific documents that provide information about the composition of materials or other properties of the products manufactured in the course this business activity that are relevant to this matter. 

Score 0.428
Gains and losses arising from changes in fair value of foreign currency interest rate and commodity derivatives that do not comply with the hedge accounting requirements under IFRS are included in the category Financial assetsliabilities at fair value through profit and loss. Current income and expenses from equity instruments are also presented in this category. The category Financial liabilities at amortized cost mainly comprises interest expenses on financial liabilities as well as gains and losses on foreign currency liabilities. Included in net result prior year net gains and losses are exchange differences of million prior year million. 

Score 0.428
Sales millionAdjusted EBIT million Volume supplier of chassis and powertrain components Assembly and logistics partner Manufacture of forged components and system solutions for the resource construction and mobility sectors Supplier of body assembly lines and volume producer of lightweight body parts Supplier of powertrain and battery production lines and manufacturer of springs and stabilizers for the automotive industry

Score 0.428
The taxonomyeligible turnover CapEx and OpEx of thyssenkrupp cover the parameters and their individual items explained at the start of this section which during a reporting period are assigned to the groups taxonomyeligible business activities directly or using the allocation mechanisms described. Likewise the taxonomyaligned turnover CapEx and OpEx cover the parameters and their individual items which during a reporting period are assigned to the groups taxonomyaligned business activities directly or indirectly. Moreover taxonomyaligned turnover CapEx and OpEx may also include amounts that are part of a CapEx plan or are incurred for special individual measures as explained in more detail in the following paragraphs. Taxonomynoneligible turnover CapEx and OpEx are those that cannot be allocated to any of the economic activities listed in the delegated acts. 

Score 0.427
SegmentsCorporate HeadquartersSales millionAdjusted EBIT million Manufacture of slewing rings antifriction bearings and seamless rolled rings for wind energy and various industrial applications Plant construction and services including for the chemical and cement industries

Score 0.426
Fixtures and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Capitalized production costs for selfconstructed assets include costs of material direct labor and allocable material and manufacturing overhead. Borrowing costs directly attributable to the production of assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use. Administrative costs are capitalized only if such costs are directly related to production. Maintenance and repair costs daytoday servicing are expensed as incurred. The group recognizes in the carrying amount of an item of property plant and equipment the cost of replacing parts and major inspection of such an item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the item will flow to the group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. Where fixtures and equipment comprise of significant parts having different useful lives those parts are depreciated separately. Fixtures and equipment are depreciated over the customary useful life using the straightline method. The following useful lives are used as a basis for calculating depreciation 

Score 0.426
Net incomeloss Items of other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in future periods Other comprehensive income from remeasurements of pensions and similar obligations Change in unrealized gainslosses net Tax effect Other comprehensive income from remeasurements of pensions and similar obligations net Unrealized gainslosses from fair value measurement of equity instruments Change in unrealized gainslosses net Tax effect Net unrealized gainslosses Share of unrealized gainslosses of investments accounted for using the equitymethod Subtotals of items of other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in future periods Items of other comprehensive income that could be reclassified to profit or loss in future periods Foreign currency translation adjustment Change in unrealized gainslosses net Net realized gainslosses Net unrealized gainslosses Unrealized gainslosses from fair value measurement of debt instruments Change in unrealized gainslosses net Net realized gainslosses Tax effect Net unrealized gainslosses Unrealized gainslosses from impairment of financial instruments Change in unrealized gainslosses net Net realized gainslosses Tax effect Net unrealized gainslosses Unrealized gainslosses on cash flow hedges Change in unrealized gainslosses net Net realized gainslosses Tax effect Net unrealized gainslosses Share of unrealized gainslosses of investments accounted for using the equitymethod Subtotals of items of other comprehensive income that could be reclassified to profit or loss in future periods thyssenkrupp annual report Group financial statements thyssenkrupp group statement of comprehensive income

Score 0.425
Sales also declined against the backdrop of subdued market momentum. The main reasons for this were lower prices in our key customer and product groups as well as declining demand at both Steel Europe and Materials Services. Automotive Technology also saw a downward trend in the construction machinery business in automotive assembly lines and in parts of the automotive original equipment business. Thanks to the high order intake in the prior period ongoing major projects at Uhde and the growth of water electrolysis Decarbon Technologies significantly increased sales yearonyear. Sales of Marine Systems in the reporting period were also significantly above the prioryear level. The main reasons for this included the delivery of a submarine and progress in new construction projects. The most important sales market for the group with sales of . billion was once again the Germanspeaking region Germany Austria Switzerland and Liechtenstein. It was followed by the business with North America . billion and business with customers in Western Europe . billion. Sales in Greater China amounted to . billion. The automotive industry remained the most important customer group with a sales share of it is particularly important for our automotive components and commercial vehicles activities and our steel business. It was followed by trading steel and related processes and the remaining parts of the processing industry. Other key customer groups are engineering the public sector defense the packaging industry construction and energy and utilities. 

Score 0.423
Property plant and equipment inclusive of investment property Inventories Trade accounts receivable Other current financial assets Other current nonfinancial assets Current income tax assets Cash and cash equivalents Assets held for sale Provisions for pensions and similar obligations Other current provisions Current income tax liabilities Trade accounts payable Other current nonfinancial liabilities Liabilities associated with assets held for sale 

Score 0.423
In the st quarter ended December the Steering business unit of the Automotive Technology segment recognized impairment losses in cost of sales of million on technical machinery and equipment in the electric steering Steering Gear product area and of million in the electromechanical steering assistance Column EPS product area. The main reason for this was the increased cost of capital. In the case of the Steering Gear product area the recoverable amount relevant for determining the impairment loss is the value in use for which a discount rate after tax of . was applied and which amounts to a total of million. Also in the case of the Column EPS product area the recoverable amount relevant for determining the impairment loss is the value in use which amounts to a total of million and for which a discount rate after tax of . was applied. However due to the minimum carrying amount specified in IAS . million of the impairment losses calculated could not be recognized. In the nd quarter ended March the Automotive Body Solutions business unit of the Automotive Technology segment had to recognize impairment losses totaling million in cost of sales. Thereof million relate to technical machinery and equipment and million to other equipment factory and office equipment. The reasons for this were lower earnings expectations due to a reduction in customer offtake of orders and delays to new projects. The recoverable amount relevant for determining the respective impairment loss is the value in use for which a discount rate after tax of . was applied. The value in use amounts to a total of million. In the rd quarter ended June the Steering business unit of the Automotive Technology segment recognized impairment reversals in cost of sales of million in the electric steering Steering Gear product area and of million in the electromechanical steering assistance Column EPS product area. The main reason for this was the reduced cost of capital compared with the previous quarter. In the case of the Steering Gear product area the recoverable amount relevant for determining the impairment reversal is the value in use for which a discount rate after tax of . was applied and which amounts to a total of million. Also in the case of the Column EPS product area the recoverable amount relevant for determining the impairment reversal is the value in use which amounts to a total of million and for which a discount rate after tax of . was applied. In the th quarter ended September an impairment loss of million was recognized in cost of sales in the Industry business area in the Forged Technologies business unit of the Automotive Technology segment. Thereof million relate to technical machinery and equipment million to real estate and buildings million to construction in progress and million to intangible assets. The largest part of the impairment loss was recognized for the Copparo production site in Italy. The recoverable amount relevant for determining the impairment loss is the value in use which amounts to a total of million and for which a discount rate after tax of . was applied. The reason for the impairment is the gloomy economic situation for crawler track components and chassis systems. 

Score 0.422
thyssenkrupp is organized into the segments described below which combine the groups activities around capital goods and materials. The segments correspond to the internal organizational and reporting structure and constitute the segments according to IFRS . As a consequence of the thyssenkrupp groups new segment structure which was resolved in the th quarter of fiscal year and introduced effective October there have been the following reporting changes compared with the prior year 

Score 0.422
 million for the German warehousing business and for which a discount rate after tax of . was applied. However due to the minimum carrying amounts specified in IAS . million of the impairment losses calculated could not be recognized. In addition for the same reasons as in Germany an impairment of million was identified in the stockkeeping materials trading business in Poland in the th quarter ended September . The recoverable amount relevant for determining the impairment requirement corresponds to the value in use which assuming an underlying discount rate after taxes of . amounts to a total of million. However due to the minimum carrying amounts specified in IAS . million of the impairment losses calculated could not be recognized. In the fiscal year restructuringrelated impairments on individual assets amounting to million were recorded which mainly relate to rights of use and were recorded in cost of sales. 

Score 0.421
The condition for including taxonomyeligible business activities in EU Taxonomy reporting is that external turnover is generated by a business activity that is consistent with the description of an economic activity in accordance with the delegated acts. If a business activity is allocated to a research and developmentrelated economic activity this must either generate external turnover or be associated with a capital expenditure CapEx andor operating expenditure OpEx. A materiality threshold of million applies in both cases. In the first case it must be satisfied by turnover associated with a business activity and in the second case either by turnover associated with a business activity or by capital expenditure or operating expenditure for this activity. 

Score 0.421
In the rd quarter ended June the Marine Systems segment adjusted the balance sheet presentation of contracts with customers in accordance with IFRS . The reason for this was a previously unrecognized netting of contract assets and contract liabilities in connection with subcontractual relationships within the segment. The adjustment according to IAS .f. had the following impacts on the statement of financial position as of October a reduction in contract assets of million and a reduction in contract liabilities of million and on the statement of financial position as of September a reduction in contract assets of million and a reduction in contract liabilities of million. In addition in the reconciliation within operating cash flow in the statement of cash flows for the year ended September there was a reduction in the change in contract assets of million and opposing an increase in the change in contract liabilities of million. The adjustment had no impact on total equity the statement of income the statement of comprehensive income earnings per share operating cash flows cash flows from investing activities cash flows from financing activities and the amount of cash and cash equivalents recognized in the statement of cash flows. 

Score 0.419
Pension obligations Partial retirement Other pensionrelated obligations Reclassification due to the presentation as liabilities associated with assets held for sale Total 

Score 0.418
Net gains under Financial assets at amortized cost mainly comprise interest income on financial receivables allowances for trade accounts receivable as well as gains and losses on foreign currency receivables. The category Financial assetsliabilities at fair value recognized in equity with recycling mainly includes impairment losses on trade accounts receivable as well as results from the sale of receivables. 

Score 0.417
Hedging relationships are mainly used to hedge foreign currency risks of firm commitments future receivables and liabilities denominated in foreign currency commodity price risks arising from sales and purchase transactions and interest rate and foreign currency risks from noncurrent financings. In the case of cash flow hedges the fluctuations in fair value are divided into an effective and an ineffective portion. The effective portion of fluctuations in fair value is recognized initially directly in equity within cumulative other comprehensive income. thyssenkrupp uses the option of separately reporting hedging costs forward element and currency basis spread in connection with designated foreign currency derivatives in other comprehensive income. Reclassification to profit or loss takes place when the hedged item affects profit or loss. The ineffective portion of fluctuations in fair value is recognized directly in profit or loss. Fair value hedges are mainly used to hedge the exposure to changes in fair value of a firm commitment and exposure to inventory price risks as well as to hedge interest rate risks. In addition to the fluctuations in fair value of the derivative the offsetting fluctuations in the fair value of the hedged item are also recognized in profit or loss insofar as they relate to the hedged risk. The presentation of changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments in the statement of income follows the presentation of the hedged items. For foreign currency or commodity forward contracts used to hedge sales risks they are presented under net sales. For hedging instruments used to hedge procurement risks they are presented under cost of sales and for hedging instruments used to hedge financing risks they are presented under financial incomeexpense. More information about financial instruments is provided in Note . 

Score 0.416
Trade accounts receivable excluding finance lease Contract assets Finance lease receivables Other financial assets Miscellaneous other financial assets Equity instruments Debt instruments Derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting Derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting Cash and cash equivalents Total of financial assets Financial debt excluding lease liabilities Lease liabilities Trade accounts payable Other financial liabilities Miscellaneous other financial liabilities Derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting Derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting Total of financial liabilities 

Score 0.415
Income from companies accounted for using the equity method Interest income from financial receivables Income from investments Other finance income Finance income Interest expense from financial debt Net interest cost of pensions and similar obligations Other finance expenses Finance expense Total 

Score 0.414
the accompanying consolidated financial statements comply in all material respects with the IFRSs as adopted by the EU and theadditional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section e HGB Handelsgesetzbuch German Commercial Codeand in compliance with these requirements give a true and fair view of the assets liabilities and financial position of the Group as at September and of its financial performance for the financial year from October to September and

Score 0.414
The adjusted EBIT of the group and the segments and the special items are described in detail in the Group review and Segment review sections in the report on the economic position. Please also refer to the reconciliation in the segment reporting Note . 

Score 0.414
INVENTORIES 

Score 0.414
Inventories 

Score 0.413
Substantial contribution criteria DNSH criteria Economic activities Code CapEx ShareCCMCCA WTRPPC CEBIO CCMCCA WTRPPCCEBIO MS NCategory 

Score 0.413
Total noncurrent assets Total current assets thereof cash and cash equivalents Langfristige Verbindlichkeiten Total current liabilities Sales Incomeloss from continuing operations net of tax Incomeloss from discontinued operations net of tax Net incomeloss Other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income 

Score 0.412
Net incomeloss Adjustments to reconcile net incomeloss to operating cash flows Deferred income taxes net Depreciation amortization and impairment of noncurrent assets Reversals of impairment losses of noncurrent assets Incomeloss from companies accounted for using the equity method net of dividends received Gainloss on disposal of noncurrent assets Changes in assets and liabilities net of effects of acquisitions and divestitures and other noncash changes Inventories Trade accounts receivable contract assets

Score 0.412
 We operate a strict compliance program focused on reducing risks in the areas of corruption prevention antitrust law data protection prevention of money laundering and trade compliance because these offenses have enormous potential to cause financial and reputational damage. Details of the compliance program and further information on the compliance organization can be found in the Compliance section. We continue to classify general compliance risks overall as high. 

Score 0.412
The primary task of the Supervisory Boards six committees is to prepare decisions and topics for discussion at the full meetings. The Supervisory Board has delegated individual decisionmaking powers to its committees where this is legally permissible. The powers of the committees and the requirements on committee members are set out in the rules of procedure for the respective committees. The chairs of the committees provided the Supervisory Board with regular detailed reports on the work of the committees in the reporting year. The chairs of the committees were also in close contact with the other members of their committees outside the regular meetings to exchange views on particularly important topics. The compositions of the six committees as of September are shown in the section Supervisory Board. The 

Score 0.41
Sales Cost of sales Gross Margin Research and development cost Selling expenses General and administrative expenses Other income Other expenses Other gainslosses net Incomeloss from operations Income from companies accounted for using the equity method Finance income Finance expense Financial incomeexpense net Incomeloss before tax Income tax expenseincome Net incomeloss Thereof thyssenkrupp AGs shareholders Noncontrolling interest Net incomeloss Basic and diluted earnings per share based on Net incomeloss attributable to thyssenkrupp AGs shareholders ..

Score 0.41
Sales Cost of sales Gross Margin Research and development cost Selling expenses General and administrative expenses Other income Other expenses Other gainslosses net Incomeloss from operations Income from companies accounted for using the equity method Finance income Finance expense Financial incomeexpense net Incomeloss before tax Income tax expenseincome Net incomeloss Thereof thyssenkrupp AGs shareholders Noncontrolling interest Net incomeloss Basic and diluted earnings per share based on Net incomeloss attributable to thyssenkrupp AGs shareholders .. 

Score 0.41
Declaration of conformity in accordance with of the German Stock Corporation Act AktG 

Score 0.409
Chemical substances as defined in Annex XVII to Regulation EC No. 

Score 0.409
IMPAIRMENTS OF TRADE ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND CONTRACT ASSETS BY SEGMENTS AS OF SEPT. 

Score 0.409
 forward contracts. The main special items for Marine Systems were the reversal of an impairment loss on the carrying amount of an investment in a joint venture and the partial reversal of provisions for restructuring. In Corporate Headquarters the special items primarily comprised expenses in connection with MA transactions. 

Score 0.409
The European Unions Taxonomy Regulation Regulation EU hereinafter referred to as the EU Taxonomy is a key component of the Green Deal and the Action Plan on Financing Sustainable Growth to reach the environmental objectives adopted by the European Union by . The EU Taxonomy aims to use standardized evaluation criteria to create transparency on environmentally sustainable economic activities for capital market participants and establish a common understanding as a basis for directing financial flows and investments to the activities that are most urgently needed for the transition to a more sustainable economy in order to achieve the environmental objectives. 

Score 0.409
IMPORTANT SALES MARKETS 

Score 0.409
Inventories are stated at the lower of acquisitionmanufacturing cost and net realizable value. In general inventories are valued using the average cost method. Manufacturing cost includes direct material labor and allocable material and manufacturing overhead based on normal operating capacity.

Score 0.408
Adjusted EBIT as presented in segment reporting Special items EBIT as presented in segment reporting Nonoperating incomeexpense from companies accounted for using the equity method Finance income Finance expense Items of finance income assigned to EBIT based on economic classification Items of finance expense assigned to EBIT based on economic classification Incomeloss group before tax 

Score 0.408
The Supply Chain Act SCA Council Group oversees the implementation of the concept to ensure compliance with human rights and environmentrelated due diligence obligations in the group. The members of this body representatives of the various corporate functions organizational units and segments meet regularly and on an ad hoc basis. The SCA Council Group is coordinated by the SCA Officer Group who acts as spokesperson for the SCA Council Group and reports to the Executive Board. The legally required oversight of risk management for thyssenkrupp AG is performed by the Corporate Function Legal Compliance. These tasks have been delegated to the Group General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer. To ensure early action to prevent violations of laws and internal group regulations and breaches of human rights and environmentrelated rights and legal interests and reduce damage for employees and business partners thyssenkrupp has set up a complaints procedure for all group companies. This procedure enables us to take up and process information on such violations submitted by thyssenkrupp group employees and external third parties such as our direct and indirect suppliers or their employees. The complaints procedure can be used worldwide. Details of this are also contained in the Rules of Procedure. 

Score 0.407
Materials expense comprises the groups total spend on products and services. In the reporting year compared with it decreased by to billion due to price and volumeinduced declines. Materials expense as a percentage of sales therefore came to prior year . Depending on the business model the percentages of the individual businesses ranged between Marine Systems and Materials Services. The following table shows the materials expense of each individual business in absolute figures 

Score 0.406
Capital stock Additional paidin capital Retained earnings Cumulative other comprehensive income thereof relating to disposal groups Equity attributable to thyssenkrupp AGs stockholders Noncontrolling interest Total equity Provisions for pensions and similar obligations Provisions for other noncurrent employee benefits Other provisions Deferred tax liabilities Financial debt Other financial liabilities Other nonfinancial liabilities Total noncurrent liabilities Provisions for current employee benefits Other provisions Current income tax liabilities Financial debt Trade accounts payable Other financial liabilities Contract liabilities

Score 0.406
Sales of environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned A. 

Score 0.405
There was a reduction in total noncurrent assets compared with the prior year. The decrease in intangible assets included in this figure was mainly caused by the deconsolidation of thyssenkrupp Industries India at the start of May and the impairment losses recognized in the Materials Services segment million Steel Europe segment million and Automotive Technology segment million in the reporting year. The overall decline in property plant and equipment was mainly due to impairment losses recognized in the reporting period in the Steel Europe segment million Materials Services segment million and Automotive Technology segment million and to currency translation. This was countered especially by transfers of advance payments from other nonfinancial assets in connection with the construction of the direct reduction plant in the Steel Europe segment. The reduction in investments accounted for using the equity method was mainly due to the subsequent measurement in the reporting year of the ordinary shares recognized in connection with the Elevator investment. The increase in receivables from finance leases mainly concerned the Materials Services segment. The increase in other financial assets mainly concerned the subsequent measurement of the interestfree loan and preference shares recognized in connection with the Elevator investment this was offset by the deconsolidation of thyssenkrupp Industries India. The reduction in other nonfinancial assets resulted primarily from lower advance payments on property plant and equipment as a consequence of the aforementioned transfers to property plant and equipment. Total current assets of million were significantly lower by million than in the prior year. The decline in inventories contained therein mainly concerned the materials businesses in the Materials Services segment and were induced by both prices and volumes. In addition declines resulted from the deconsolidation of thyssenkrupp Industries India at the start of May and from reclassifications in connection with the assets held for sale in the thyssenkrupp Electrical Steel India disposal group. Increases in inventories primarily in the Automotive Technology and Marine Systems segments had an opposing effect. The decrease in trade accounts receivable resulted mainly from business and sales trends in the Materials Services and Steel Europe segments alongside the aforementioned deconsolidation of thyssenkrupp Industries India and the reclassifications in connection with the assets held for sale in the thyssenkrupp Electrical Steel India disposal group this was offset by increases at Marine Systems in connection with the invoicing of orders. The reduction of contract assets was due in particular to the execution of construction contracts in the plant engineering businesses of the Decarbon Technologies segment which were also impacted by the deconsolidation of thyssenkrupp Industries India. The decline resulted likewise from the execution of construction contracts in the plant engineering businesses of the Automotive Technology segment and from currency translation. The decrease in other financial assets resulted primarily from the recognition of CO

Score 0.405
Total assets Deferred tax assets Current income tax assets Cash and cash equivalents Adjustment due to included assets classified as nonoperating items Liability items reducing capital employed Provisions for other noncurrent employee benefits Other provisions noncurrent Other nonfinancial liabilities noncurrent Provisions for current employee benefits Other provisions current Trade accounts payable Other financial liabilities current Contract liabilities Other nonfinancial liabilities current Adjustments due to included liabilities classified as nonoperating items Adjustments of assetsliabilities due to presentation of disposal groups Capital employed as of balance sheet date Impact from adjusting average capital employed to capital employed as of balance sheet date Average capital employed pointaverage Correction factors with increasing impact on performance requirements for positive value added Average capital employed as presented in segment reporting thyssenkrupp annual report Group financial statements thyssenkrupp group Notes to the financial statements

Score 0.404
The DNSH criteria relating to Pollution prevention and control require that economic activities do not lead to the manufacture placing on the market or use of substances or groups of substances whether on their own in mixtures or in articles that are subject to European regulation. These include 

Score 0.404
Product and process quality and meeting the corresponding quality requirements of our customers have top priority for us. However we cannot rule out the possibility that we will not always be able to meet these quality standards. We still classify the risks arising from this as low and we counter them with extensive measures in connection with production and quality assurance systems. Further details on specific sales risks in our businesses and on our receivables management system which is designed to counter the risk of bad debt are provided in the section Operational risks of the businesses. 

Score 0.404
In line with its targets Materials Services invested particularly in North American growth projects and inaugurated a new service center each in Mexico and the USA in the past fiscal year. Furthermore at established sites in North America and Europe our segment invested in processing equipment to increase vertical integration. In connection with the extension of the contracts with major customers in the supply chain business further investment was made in modernizing machinery and warehouse equipment. Another focus of investment was the harmonization and updating of our ERP systems in the wake of our digital transformation along the entire value chain. Furthermore investments were made to replace equipment at various warehousing and service units. 