Scores_c_MANUFACTURINGScore 0.71
manufacturing of aircraft as well as the manufacturing of aircraft the description of the activity includes the manufacturing of parts and equipment for aircraft the provision of related services as well as maintenance repair and overhaul mro to the extent that these can be linked to an eligible aircraft type and improves or maintains the level of efficiency of the aircraft.  the efficiency of the aircraft is an ambiguous legal term because it is not explained in more detail in the delegated act.  for this reason the term is interpreted as all costbenefit relationships that ca n be associated with an aircraft.  that is why we define the recyclability at the end of the life cycl e of the aircraft components manufactured in the context of this economic activity as a criterion for efficiency.  change in taxonomyeligible business activities compared to the previous year already reported as taxonomyeligible in the previous year newly classified as taxonomyeligible new economic activity according to eu or eu slewing bearings for wind turbines water electrolysis technology oxygendepolarised cathode odc envinox technology steel production slag processing logistics services green chemicals planeo technology biopolymere clean ammonia fertiliser gas scrubbing technology polysius pure oxyfuel polysius activated clay mecaclay steel sleepers ties automotive components aircraft parts and services digital products toii on the basis of the expert assessment in the course of determining taxonomyeligible business activities thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyaligned bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyaligned if they m eet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy dnsh criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to article

Score 0.688
.  thyssenkrupp classifies all its business activities in connection with the production of automotive components as taxonomyeligible.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy ccm .  manufacturing of aircraft as well as the manufacturing of aircraft the description of the activity includes the manufacturing of parts and equipment for aircraft the provision of related services as well as maintenance repair and overhaul mro to the extent that these can be linked to an eligible aircraft type and improves or maintains the level of efficiency of the aircraft.  the efficiency of the aircraft is an ambiguous legal term because it is not explained in more detail in the delegated act

Score 0.663
manufacture of iron and steel ccm .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components ccm .  manufacturing of aircraft ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  freight transport services by road ccm

Score 0.659
thyssenkrupp classifies all its business activities in connection with the production of automotive components as taxonomyeligible.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy ccm .  manufacturing of aircraft as well as the manufacturing of aircraft the description of the activity includes the manufacturing of parts and equipment for aircraft the provision of related services as well as maintenance repair and overhaul mro to the extent that these can be linked to an eligible aircraft type and improves or maintains the level of efficiency of the aircraft.  the efficiency of the aircraft is an ambiguous legal term because it is not explained in more detail in the delegated act.  for this reason the term is interpreted as all costbenefit relationships that ca n be associated with an aircraft

Score 0.657
that is why we define the recyclability at the end of the life cycl e of the aircraft components manufactured in the context of this economic activity as a criterion for efficiency.  change in taxonomyeligible business activities compared to the previous year already reported as taxonomyeligible in the previous year newly classified as taxonomyeligible new economic activity according to eu or eu slewing bearings for wind turbines water electrolysis technology oxygendepolarised cathode odc envinox technology steel production slag processing logistics services green chemicals planeo technology biopolymere clean ammonia fertiliser gas scrubbing technology polysius pure oxyfuel polysius activated clay mecaclay steel sleepers ties automotive components aircraft parts and services digital products toii on the basis of the expert assessment in the course of determining taxonomyeligible business activities thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyaligned bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyaligned if they m eet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy dnsh criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to article .  determining taxonomyaligned business activities to determine the taxonomyaligned business activi ties profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delega ted acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  the qualitative and quantitative screening criteria are extracted from the delegated acts and translated into documentation requirements for the segments and entities that perform the activities.  the profiles also include the documentation requirements resulting from the minimum safeguards pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy

Score 0.651
this decision was also taken based on the immateriality of the underlying amounts.  ccm .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components the activity description refers to the manufacture of automotive components for vehicle categories m n and l in accordance with the eu classification which according to the delegated act meet the criteria set out in this section and which are essential for delivering and improving the environmental performance of the vehicle.  however assessing the taxonomy eligibility using technical screening criteria contradicts co mmission notice c no.  which states that an economic activity is eligible irrespective of whether it meets the technical screening criteria laid down in the delegated acts

Score 0.646
manufacture of automotive and mobility components the activity description refers to the manufacture of automotive components for vehicle categories m n and l in accordance with the eu classification which according to the delegated act meet the criteria set out in this section and which are essential for delivering and improving the environmental performance of the vehicle.  however assessing the taxonomy eligibility using technical screening criteria contradicts co mmission notice c no.  which states that an economic activity is eligible irrespective of whether it meets the technical screening criteria laid down in the delegated acts.  for this reason we classify the manu facture of all automotive components for these vehicle classes as taxonomyeligible.  technical screen ing criteria are used only to review the taxonomy alignment

Score 0.641
manufacture of iron and steel due to the direct technical and economic linkage between steel production and the formation of byproducts which are used in this power plant operation rather than reporting it as a separate power plant activity ccm .  highefficiency cogeneration of heatcool and power from fossil gaseous fuels pursuant to the commission delegated regulation eu .  this decision was also taken based on the immateriality of the underlying amounts.  ccm .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components the activity description refers to the manufacture of automotive components for vehicle categories m n and l in accordance with the eu classification which according to the delegated act meet the criteria set out in this section and which are essential for delivering and improving the environmental performance of the vehicle

Score 0.629
for this reason the term is interpreted as all costbenefit relationships that ca n be associated with an aircraft.  that is why we define the recyclability at the end of the life cycl e of the aircraft components manufactured in the context of this economic activity as a criterion for efficiency.  change in taxonomyeligible business activities compared to the previous year already reported as taxonomyeligible in the previous year newly classified as taxonomyeligible new economic activity according to eu or eu slewing bearings for wind turbines water electrolysis technology oxygendepolarised cathode odc envinox technology steel production slag processing logistics services green chemicals planeo technology biopolymere clean ammonia fertiliser gas scrubbing technology polysius pure oxyfuel polysius activated clay mecaclay steel sleepers ties automotive components aircraft parts and services digital products toii on the basis of the expert assessment in the course of determining taxonomyeligible business activities thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyaligned bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyaligned if they m eet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy dnsh criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to article .  determining taxonomyaligned business activities to determine the taxonomyaligned business activi ties profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delega ted acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  the qualitative and quantitative screening criteria are extracted from the delegated acts and translated into documentation requirements for the segments and entities that perform the activities

Score 0.629
thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy ccm .  manufacturing of aircraft as well as the manufacturing of aircraft the description of the activity includes the manufacturing of parts and equipment for aircraft the provision of related services as well as maintenance repair and overhaul mro to the extent that these can be linked to an eligible aircraft type and improves or maintains the level of efficiency of the aircraft.  the efficiency of the aircraft is an ambiguous legal term because it is not explained in more detail in the delegated act.  for this reason the term is interpreted as all costbenefit relationships that ca n be associated with an aircraft.  that is why we define the recyclability at the end of the life cycl e of the aircraft components manufactured in the context of this economic activity as a criterion for efficiency

Score 0.62
such evidence includes for example operating permits preliminary reviews in respect of environmental impact assessments or the environmental impact assessments themselves environmental audits or specific risk analyses in respect of th e requirements described in this section.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy dnsh criteria transition to a circular economy as a rule the dnsh criteria in respect of transition to a circular economy require an assessment of the availability and where feasible adoption of techniques that support the following practices use of secondary raw materials and reused components in manufactured products design for high durability recyclability easy disassembly and adaptability of products waste management that prioritizes recycling over disposal in the manufacturing process information on and traceability of substances of concern in products in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that an asse ssment of the availability of processes in support of the circular economy has been performed or that such practices are already used in the context of this business activity .  such evidence includes for example operating permits compliance audits relating to waste disposal law environmental audits or productspecific documents that provide information about the composition of materials or other properties of the products manufactured in the course this business activity that are relevant to this matter.  dnsh criteria pollution prevention and control the dnsh criteria relating to pollution prevention and control require that economic activities do not lead to the manufacture placing on the market or use of substances or groups of substances whether on their own in mixtures or in articles that are subject to european regulation.  these include persistent organic pollutants listed in annexes i and ii to regulation eu mercury and mercury compounds or mercury mixtures as defined in article of regulation eu ozonedepleting substances as defined in annexes i and ii to regulation ec no

Score 0.616
manufacture of iron and steel steel production steel europe ccm .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components automotive components automotive technology automotive components decarbon technologies rothe erde automotive components materials services ccm .  manufacturing of aircraft aircraft parts decarbon technologies rothe erde aircraft parts and services materials services aerospace ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste slag processing materials services millservices systems ccm .  freight transport services by road logistics services materials services supply chain services ccm

Score 0.615
manufacture of other low carbon technologies oxygendepolarised cathode odc decarbon technologies nucera envinox technology decarbon technologies uhde planeo technology biopolymers decarbon technologies uhde clean ammonia fertiliser decarbon technologies uhde gas scrubbing technology decarbon technologies uhde polysius pure oxyfuel decarbon technologies polysius polysius activated clay decarbon technologies polysius mecaclay mechanochemical activation decarbon technologies polysius ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel steel production steel europe ccm .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components automotive components automotive technology automotive components decarbon technologies rothe erde automotive components materials services ccm .  manufacturing of aircraft aircraft parts decarbon technologies rothe erde aircraft parts and services materials services aerospace ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste slag processing materials services millservices systems ccm

Score 0.615
ccm .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components the activity description refers to the manufacture of automotive components for vehicle categories m n and l in accordance with the eu classification which according to the delegated act meet the criteria set out in this section and which are essential for delivering and improving the environmental performance of the vehicle.  however assessing the taxonomy eligibility using technical screening criteria contradicts co mmission notice c no.  which states that an economic activity is eligible irrespective of whether it meets the technical screening criteria laid down in the delegated acts.  for this reason we classify the manu facture of all automotive components for these vehicle classes as taxonomyeligible

Score 0.614
manufacture of other low carbon technologies ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel ccm .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components ccm .  manufacturing of aircraft ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm

Score 0.613
manufacture of automotive and mobility components ccm .  manufacturing of aircraft ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  freight transport services by road ccm .  infrastructure for rail transport ccm

Score 0.613
the efficiency of the aircraft is an ambiguous legal term because it is not explained in more detail in the delegated act.  for this reason the term is interpreted as all costbenefit relationships that ca n be associated with an aircraft.  that is why we define the recyclability at the end of the life cycl e of the aircraft components manufactured in the context of this economic activity as a criterion for efficiency.  change in taxonomyeligible business activities compared to the previous year already reported as taxonomyeligible in the previous year newly classified as taxonomyeligible new economic activity according to eu or eu slewing bearings for wind turbines water electrolysis technology oxygendepolarised cathode odc envinox technology steel production slag processing logistics services green chemicals planeo technology biopolymere clean ammonia fertiliser gas scrubbing technology polysius pure oxyfuel polysius activated clay mecaclay steel sleepers ties automotive components aircraft parts and services digital products toii on the basis of the expert assessment in the course of determining taxonomyeligible business activities thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyaligned bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyaligned if they m eet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy dnsh criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to article .  determining taxonomyaligned business activities to determine the taxonomyaligned business activi ties profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delega ted acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy

Score 0.61
y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of iron and steel ccm .  y nel nel yel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm

Score 0.607
we classify slit strip manufactured for the automotive industry as taxonomyeligible because it is consistent with the definition of a component in accordance with regulation eu and regulation eu no.  .  thyssenkrupp classifies all its business activities in connection with the production of automotive components as taxonomyeligible.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy ccm .  manufacturing of aircraft as well as the manufacturing of aircraft the description of the activity includes the manufacturing of parts and equipment for aircraft the provision of related services as well as maintenance repair and overhaul mro to the extent that these can be linked to an eligible aircraft type and improves or maintains the level of efficiency of the aircraft

Score 0.606
manufacture of iron and steel thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations contextual information on the key performance indicator related to operating expenditure opex million operating expenditure related to taxonomyaligned business activities operating expenditure as part of a capex plan operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.  . .

Score 0.606
thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel ccm

Score 0.604
manufacture of automotive and mobility components automotive components automotive technology automotive components decarbon technologies rothe erde automotive components materials services ccm .  manufacturing of aircraft aircraft parts decarbon technologies rothe erde aircraft parts and services materials services aerospace ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste slag processing materials services millservices systems ccm .  freight transport services by road logistics services materials services supply chain services ccm .  infrastructure for rail transport steel sleepers ties materials services schulte ce

Score 0.601
thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy dnsh criteria transition to a circular economy as a rule the dnsh criteria in respect of transition to a circular economy require an assessment of the availability and where feasible adoption of techniques that support the following practices use of secondary raw materials and reused components in manufactured products design for high durability recyclability easy disassembly and adaptability of products waste management that prioritizes recycling over disposal in the manufacturing process information on and traceability of substances of concern in products in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that an asse ssment of the availability of processes in support of the circular economy has been performed or that such practices are already used in the context of this business activity .  such evidence includes for example operating permits compliance audits relating to waste disposal law environmental audits or productspecific documents that provide information about the composition of materials or other properties of the products manufactured in the course this business activity that are relevant to this matter.  dnsh criteria pollution prevention and control the dnsh criteria relating to pollution prevention and control require that economic activities do not lead to the manufacture placing on the market or use of substances or groups of substances whether on their own in mixtures or in articles that are subject to european regulation.  these include persistent organic pollutants listed in annexes i and ii to regulation eu mercury and mercury compounds or mercury mixtures as defined in article of regulation eu ozonedepleting substances as defined in annexes i and ii to regulation ec no.  hazardous substances in electrical and electron ic appliances as defined annex ii to directive eu chemical substances as defined in annex xvii to regulation ec no

Score 0.6
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel ccm .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components ccm

Score 0.6
.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of iron and steel ccm .  y nel nel yel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm

Score 0.599
manufacture of renewable energy technologies thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations contextual information on the key performance indicator related to operating expenditure opex million operating expenditure related to taxonomyaligned business activities operating expenditure as part of a capex plan operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.

Score 0.592
taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of iron and steel ccm

Score 0.591
in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alig nment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that such risk analyses have been performed and any necessary mitigation measures have been implemented.  such evidence includes for example operating permits preliminary reviews in respect of environmental impact assessments or the environmental impact assessments themselves environmental audits or specific risk analyses in respect of th e requirements described in this section.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy dnsh criteria transition to a circular economy as a rule the dnsh criteria in respect of transition to a circular economy require an assessment of the availability and where feasible adoption of techniques that support the following practices use of secondary raw materials and reused components in manufactured products design for high durability recyclability easy disassembly and adaptability of products waste management that prioritizes recycling over disposal in the manufacturing process information on and traceability of substances of concern in products in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that an asse ssment of the availability of processes in support of the circular economy has been performed or that such practices are already used in the context of this business activity .  such evidence includes for example operating permits compliance audits relating to waste disposal law environmental audits or productspecific documents that provide information about the composition of materials or other properties of the products manufactured in the course this business activity that are relevant to this matter.  dnsh criteria pollution prevention and control the dnsh criteria relating to pollution prevention and control require that economic activities do not lead to the manufacture placing on the market or use of substances or groups of substances whether on their own in mixtures or in articles that are subject to european regulation

Score 0.59
taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm

Score 0.59
taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel yel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm

Score 0.586
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of iron and steel ccm .  y nel nel yel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.584
y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of iron and steel ccm .  y nel nel yel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a

Score 0.583
manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen water electrolysis technology decarbon technologies nucera green chemicals decarbon technologies uhde ccm .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies oxygendepolarised cathode odc decarbon technologies nucera envinox technology decarbon technologies uhde planeo technology biopolymers decarbon technologies uhde clean ammonia fertiliser decarbon technologies uhde gas scrubbing technology decarbon technologies uhde polysius pure oxyfuel decarbon technologies polysius polysius activated clay decarbon technologies polysius mecaclay mechanochemical activation decarbon technologies polysius ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel steel production steel europe ccm .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components automotive components automotive technology automotive components decarbon technologies rothe erde automotive components materials services ccm .  manufacturing of aircraft aircraft parts decarbon technologies rothe erde aircraft parts and services materials services aerospace ccm

Score 0.582
y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y sales of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm

Score 0.579
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel yel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a

Score 0.579
thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste to make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that at least by weight of the separately collected and processed nonhazardous waste is converted into secondary raw materials.  moreover the resulting recycled materials must be able to substitute virgin materials in production processes.  the slag treatment performed in the course of this activity achieves recycling rates that exceed the minimum requirements.  in addition the secondary raw materials obtained can substitute both virgin construction materials and fertilizers

Score 0.578
highefficiency cogeneration of heatcool and power from fossil gaseous fuels pursuant to the commission delegated regulation eu .  this decision was also taken based on the immateriality of the underlying amounts.  ccm .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components the activity description refers to the manufacture of automotive components for vehicle categories m n and l in accordance with the eu classification which according to the delegated act meet the criteria set out in this section and which are essential for delivering and improving the environmental performance of the vehicle.  however assessing the taxonomy eligibility using technical screening criteria contradicts co mmission notice c no

Score 0.578
manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel ccm .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components ccm .  manufacturing of aircraft ccm

Score 0.576
manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations contextual information on the key performance indicator related to operating expenditure opex million operating expenditure related to taxonomyaligned business activities operating expenditure as part of a capex plan operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.  .

Score 0.575
fulfillment of the dnsh criteria in the performance of these business activities was reviewed in accordance with the procedures and verification documents outlined in the dnshspecific sections.  thyssenkrupp reviews compliance with the conformity criteria systematically and in collaboration between the corporate functions and business areas.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste to make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that at least by weight of the separately collected and processed nonhazardous waste is converted into secondary raw materials.  moreover the resulting recycled materials must be able to substitute virgin materials in production processes

Score 0.575
y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y sales of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm

Score 0.574
manufacture of renewable energy technologies slewing bearings for wind turbines decarbon technologies rothe erde ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen water electrolysis technology decarbon technologies nucera green chemicals decarbon technologies uhde ccm .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies oxygendepolarised cathode odc decarbon technologies nucera envinox technology decarbon technologies uhde planeo technology biopolymers decarbon technologies uhde clean ammonia fertiliser decarbon technologies uhde gas scrubbing technology decarbon technologies uhde polysius pure oxyfuel decarbon technologies polysius polysius activated clay decarbon technologies polysius mecaclay mechanochemical activation decarbon technologies polysius ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel steel production steel europe ccm .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components automotive components automotive technology automotive components decarbon technologies rothe erde automotive components materials services ccm

Score 0.573
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y sales of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a

Score 0.57
thyssenkrupp reviews compliance with the conformity criteria systematically and in collaboration between the corporate functions and business areas.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste to make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that at least by weight of the separately collected and processed nonhazardous waste is converted into secondary raw materials.  moreover the resulting recycled materials must be able to substitute virgin materials in production processes.  the slag treatment performed in the course of this activity achieves recycling rates that exceed the minimum requirements

Score 0.561
y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel yel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm

Score 0.554
.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel yel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.554
however assessing the taxonomy eligibility using technical screening criteria contradicts co mmission notice c no.  which states that an economic activity is eligible irrespective of whether it meets the technical screening criteria laid down in the delegated acts.  for this reason we classify the manu facture of all automotive components for these vehicle classes as taxonomyeligible.  technical screen ing criteria are used only to review the taxonomy alignment.  we classify slit strip manufactured for the automotive industry as taxonomyeligible because it is consistent with the definition of a component in accordance with regulation eu and regulation eu no

Score 0.549
such evidence includes for example operating permits compliance audits relating to waste disposal law environmental audits or productspecific documents that provide information about the composition of materials or other properties of the products manufactured in the course this business activity that are relevant to this matter.  dnsh criteria pollution prevention and control the dnsh criteria relating to pollution prevention and control require that economic activities do not lead to the manufacture placing on the market or use of substances or groups of substances whether on their own in mixtures or in articles that are subject to european regulation.  these include persistent organic pollutants listed in annexes i and ii to regulation eu mercury and mercury compounds or mercury mixtures as defined in article of regulation eu ozonedepleting substances as defined in annexes i and ii to regulation ec no.  hazardous substances in electrical and electron ic appliances as defined annex ii to directive eu chemical substances as defined in annex xvii to regulation ec no.  substances in a concentration of more than

Score 0.547
y nel yel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm

Score 0.546
for operations in third countries risks analyses of this type must be performed in accordance with the applicable national laws or international standards with the proviso that the aspirational level for good quality water resources is comparable to that of the european regulations.  in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alig nment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that such risk analyses have been performed and any necessary mitigation measures have been implemented.  such evidence includes for example operating permits preliminary reviews in respect of environmental impact assessments or the environmental impact assessments themselves environmental audits or specific risk analyses in respect of th e requirements described in this section.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy dnsh criteria transition to a circular economy as a rule the dnsh criteria in respect of transition to a circular economy require an assessment of the availability and where feasible adoption of techniques that support the following practices use of secondary raw materials and reused components in manufactured products design for high durability recyclability easy disassembly and adaptability of products waste management that prioritizes recycling over disposal in the manufacturing process information on and traceability of substances of concern in products in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that an asse ssment of the availability of processes in support of the circular economy has been performed or that such practices are already used in the context of this business activity .  such evidence includes for example operating permits compliance audits relating to waste disposal law environmental audits or productspecific documents that provide information about the composition of materials or other properties of the products manufactured in the course this business activity that are relevant to this matter

Score 0.544
for the plant engineering projects to manufacture water electrolysis plants that were considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in the reporting year the tender documents issued by the eu innovation fund are used to determine achievement of the specified emissions savings.  fulfillment of the dnsh criteria in the performance of these business activities was reviewed in accordance with the procedures and verification documents outlined in the dnshspecific sections.  thyssenkrupp reviews compliance with the conformity criteria systematically and in collaboration between the corporate functions and business areas.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste to make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that at least by weight of the separately collected and processed nonhazardous waste is converted into secondary raw materials

Score 0.543
at thyssenkrupp this concerns disclosures in connection with the manufacture of automotive and mobility components and aircraft as well as all business activities that can be assigned to nonclimaterelated environmental objectives.  key data on eu taxonomy million sales in capex in opex in sales in capex in opex in thyssenkrupp total taxonomyeligible thereof taxonomyaligned thereof not taxonomyaligned taxonomynoneligible of thyssenkrupps sales are taxonomyeligible and are achieved with business activities and products that can make a substantial contribution to achieving the european unions environmental objectives.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy due to unclarified legal terms uncertainty still exists regarding the interpretation of the eu taxonomy and associated delegated acts.  we explain our interpretations of these terms below.  taxonomyeligible bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyeligible if they are consistent with the descriptions of the economic activities contained in the delegated acts in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy

Score 0.538
which states that an economic activity is eligible irrespective of whether it meets the technical screening criteria laid down in the delegated acts.  for this reason we classify the manu facture of all automotive components for these vehicle classes as taxonomyeligible.  technical screen ing criteria are used only to review the taxonomy alignment.  we classify slit strip manufactured for the automotive industry as taxonomyeligible because it is consistent with the definition of a component in accordance with regulation eu and regulation eu no.

Score 0.535
change in taxonomyeligible business activities compared to the previous year already reported as taxonomyeligible in the previous year newly classified as taxonomyeligible new economic activity according to eu or eu slewing bearings for wind turbines water electrolysis technology oxygendepolarised cathode odc envinox technology steel production slag processing logistics services green chemicals planeo technology biopolymere clean ammonia fertiliser gas scrubbing technology polysius pure oxyfuel polysius activated clay mecaclay steel sleepers ties automotive components aircraft parts and services digital products toii on the basis of the expert assessment in the course of determining taxonomyeligible business activities thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyaligned bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyaligned if they m eet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy dnsh criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to article .  determining taxonomyaligned business activities to determine the taxonomyaligned business activi ties profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delega ted acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  the qualitative and quantitative screening criteria are extracted from the delegated acts and translated into documentation requirements for the segments and entities that perform the activities.  the profiles also include the documentation requirements resulting from the minimum safeguards pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy.  the evidence for the business activities that must be considered in the screening procedur e for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year is compiled in accordance with these profiles of requirements

Score 0.533
material recovery from nonhazardous waste thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations contextual information on the key performance indicator related to operating expenditure opex million operating expenditure related to taxonomyaligned business activities operating expenditure as part of a capex plan operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.  . . .

Score 0.533
.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y sales of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.533
y nel nel yel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm

Score 0.531
manufacturing of aircraft aircraft parts decarbon technologies rothe erde aircraft parts and services materials services aerospace ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste slag processing materials services millservices systems ccm .  freight transport services by road logistics services materials services supply chain services ccm .  infrastructure for rail transport steel sleepers ties materials services schulte ce .  provision of itot datadriven solutions and software digital products decarbon technologies uhde toii materials services materials iot power plant operation by httenwerke krupp mannesmann hkm in the reporting period the power plant operation by httenwerke krupp mannesmann hkm was allocated to its core economic activity ccm

Score 0.53
the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity.  this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no.  economic activity according to the delega ted acts business activity or product segment unit ccm .  manufacture of renewable energy technologies slewing bearings for wind turbines decarbon technologies rothe erde ccm

Score 0.528
taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy nuclear and fossil gas related activities row nuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades.  no row fossil gas related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to constr uction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of combined heatcool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels

Score 0.524
thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy due to unclarified legal terms uncertainty still exists regarding the interpretation of the eu taxonomy and associated delegated acts.  we explain our interpretations of these terms below.  taxonomyeligible bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyeligible if they are consistent with the descriptions of the economic activities contained in the delegated acts in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  it is not significant that they satisfy the te chnical screening criteria defined there for each economic activity.  by contrast business activities that are not consistent with the description of an economic activity may not be classified as taxonomyeligible

Score 0.523
the criteria for making a substantial contribution to at least one environmental objective of the eu taxonomy and special dnsh criteria.  by contrast the review of general dnsh criteria in accordance with the annexes of the delegated acts for the environmental objectives and the assessment of the availability and applicat ion of certain processes to promote the circular economy are explained in the respective dnshspecific sections.  ccm .  manufacture of renewable energy technologies to make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that the technologies manufactured by this activity are used for the generati on of renewable energy as defined in article of directive eu namely energy from renewable nonfossil sources.  outgoing invoices to certain customer groups provide evidence that th e bearings manufactured by this activity are used in facilities for the generation of wind power

Score 0.521
th e following table shows the materials expense of each individual business in absolute figures materials expense million year endedsept.  year endedsept.  change in automotive technology decarbon technologies materials services steel europe marine systems corporate headquarters reconciliation group see preliminary remarks.  in the period under report the purchasing departments of our companies on the whole have ensured a reliable supply of materials and services for our operations and projects in the required scope despite limited availabilities within some commodities.  more information is provided in the opportunity and risk report under procurement risks

Score 0.519
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy nuclear and fossil gas related activities row nuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades.  no row fossil gas related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to constr uction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels

Score 0.516
taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of operating expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code opex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm

Score 0.515
determining taxonomyeligible business activities in order to determine thyssenkrupps taxonomyeligible business activities the delegated acts issued in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy were analyzed at group level by a team of experts.  those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts.  the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity.  this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no

Score 0.515
manufacture of iron and steel upgrading million the capex plan of thyssenkrupp includes capital expenditures intended to allow the taxonomyeligible steel production activities of the thyssenkrupp group to become taxonomyaligned with respect to the environmental objective climate change mitigation.  the purpose of the capital expenditure is the construction and operational capability of a hydrogencapable direct reduction dr plant allowing lowcarbon manufacture of iron and steel by thyssenkrupp.  the executive board of thyssenkrupp approved the planned capital expenditure on february and the dr plant is scheduled to come into operation by the end of .  the taxonomy alignment of the activity associated with operating the plant is likely to be achieved in fiscal year .  the capital expenditure disclosed both for the reporting period and for the entire period of the capex plan has been reduced by the government grants thyssenkrupp received and receives for this project see group financial statements note property plant and equipment and note other nonfinancial assets

Score 0.515
manufacture of renewable energy technologies to make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that the technologies manufactured by this activity are used for the generati on of renewable energy as defined in article of directive eu namely energy from renewable nonfossil sources.  outgoing invoices to certain customer groups provide evidence that th e bearings manufactured by this activity are used in facilities for the generation of wind power.  fulfillment of the dnsh criteria in the performance of these business activities was reviewed in accordan ce with the general procedures and verification documents outlined in the specific sections.  ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen to make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that the plants manufactured by this activity produce hydrogen or hydrogen derivatives that achieve the greenhouse gas emissions savings across their life cycle as specified in annex v of regulation eu

Score 0.514
by contrast the review of general dnsh criteria in accordance with the annexes of the delegated acts for the environmental objectives and the assessment of the availability and applicat ion of certain processes to promote the circular economy are explained in the respective dnshspecific sections.  ccm .  manufacture of renewable energy technologies to make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that the technologies manufactured by this activity are used for the generati on of renewable energy as defined in article of directive eu namely energy from renewable nonfossil sources.  outgoing invoices to certain customer groups provide evidence that th e bearings manufactured by this activity are used in facilities for the generation of wind power.  fulfillment of the dnsh criteria in the performance of these business activities was reviewed in accordan ce with the general procedures and verification documents outlined in the specific sections

Score 0.514
in the case of business activities assigned to an economic activity as defined in delegated regulation eu or eu reporting is restricted to taxonomyeligible and taxonomynoneligible turnover capex and opex.  at thyssenkrupp this concerns disclosures in connection with the manufacture of automotive and mobility components and aircraft as well as all business activities that can be assigned to nonclimaterelated environmental objectives.  key data on eu taxonomy million sales in capex in opex in sales in capex in opex in thyssenkrupp total taxonomyeligible thereof taxonomyaligned thereof not taxonomyaligned taxonomynoneligible of thyssenkrupps sales are taxonomyeligible and are achieved with business activities and products that can make a substantial contribution to achieving the european unions environmental objectives.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy due to unclarified legal terms uncertainty still exists regarding the interpretation of the eu taxonomy and associated delegated acts.  we explain our interpretations of these terms below

Score 0.513
a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy nuclear and fossil gas related activities row nuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades

Score 0.512
opex of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy nuclear and fossil gas related activities row nuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies

Score 0.512
taxonomynoneligible activities sales of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of capital expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code capex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm

Score 0.512
material recovery from nonhazardous waste to make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that at least by weight of the separately collected and processed nonhazardous waste is converted into secondary raw materials.  moreover the resulting recycled materials must be able to substitute virgin materials in production processes.  the slag treatment performed in the course of this activity achieves recycling rates that exceed the minimum requirements.  in addition the secondary raw materials obtained can substitute both virgin construction materials and fertilizers.  evidence of this is provided by an analysis of the production and use of slag from iron and steel works by a research institute specializing in construction materials

Score 0.511
dnsh criteria sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the dnsh criteria relating to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources require an assessment of the risks relating to water quality and the avoidance of water shortages as well as the elimination of such risks if these have not already been identified and eliminated in the environmental impact assessments pursuant to directive eu.  for operations in third countries risks analyses of this type must be performed in accordance with the applicable national laws or international standards with the proviso that the aspirational level for good quality water resources is comparable to that of the european regulations.  in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alig nment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that such risk analyses have been performed and any necessary mitigation measures have been implemented.  such evidence includes for example operating permits preliminary reviews in respect of environmental impact assessments or the environmental impact assessments themselves environmental audits or specific risk analyses in respect of th e requirements described in this section.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy dnsh criteria transition to a circular economy as a rule the dnsh criteria in respect of transition to a circular economy require an assessment of the availability and where feasible adoption of techniques that support the following practices use of secondary raw materials and reused components in manufactured products design for high durability recyclability easy disassembly and adaptability of products waste management that prioritizes recycling over disposal in the manufacturing process information on and traceability of substances of concern in products in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that an asse ssment of the availability of processes in support of the circular economy has been performed or that such practices are already used in the context of this business activity

Score 0.511
key data on eu taxonomy million sales in capex in opex in sales in capex in opex in thyssenkrupp total taxonomyeligible thereof taxonomyaligned thereof not taxonomyaligned taxonomynoneligible of thyssenkrupps sales are taxonomyeligible and are achieved with business activities and products that can make a substantial contribution to achieving the european unions environmental objectives.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy due to unclarified legal terms uncertainty still exists regarding the interpretation of the eu taxonomy and associated delegated acts.  we explain our interpretations of these terms below.  taxonomyeligible bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyeligible if they are consistent with the descriptions of the economic activities contained in the delegated acts in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  it is not significant that they satisfy the te chnical screening criteria defined there for each economic activity

Score 0.509
material recovery from nonhazardous waste slag processing materials services millservices systems ccm .  freight transport services by road logistics services materials services supply chain services ccm .  infrastructure for rail transport steel sleepers ties materials services schulte ce .  provision of itot datadriven solutions and software digital products decarbon technologies uhde toii materials services materials iot power plant operation by httenwerke krupp mannesmann hkm in the reporting period the power plant operation by httenwerke krupp mannesmann hkm was allocated to its core economic activity ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel due to the direct technical and economic linkage between steel production and the formation of byproducts which are used in this power plant operation rather than reporting it as a separate power plant activity ccm

Score 0.508
this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no.  economic activity according to the delega ted acts business activity or product segment unit ccm .  manufacture of renewable energy technologies slewing bearings for wind turbines decarbon technologies rothe erde ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen water electrolysis technology decarbon technologies nucera green chemicals decarbon technologies uhde ccm

Score 0.507
outgoing invoices to certain customer groups provide evidence that th e bearings manufactured by this activity are used in facilities for the generation of wind power.  fulfillment of the dnsh criteria in the performance of these business activities was reviewed in accordan ce with the general procedures and verification documents outlined in the specific sections.  ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen to make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that the plants manufactured by this activity produce hydrogen or hydrogen derivatives that achieve the greenhouse gas emissions savings across their life cycle as specified in annex v of regulation eu .  for the plant engineering projects to manufacture water electrolysis plants that were considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in the reporting year the tender documents issued by the eu innovation fund are used to determine achievement of the specified emissions savings

Score 0.506
moreover the resulting recycled materials must be able to substitute virgin materials in production processes.  the slag treatment performed in the course of this activity achieves recycling rates that exceed the minimum requirements.  in addition the secondary raw materials obtained can substitute both virgin construction materials and fertilizers.  evidence of this is provided by an analysis of the production and use of slag from iron and steel works by a research institute specializing in construction materials.  fulfillment of the dnsh criteria in the performance of this economic activity was reviewed in accordance with the procedures and verification documents outlined in the specific sections

Score 0.506
for this reason we classify the manu facture of all automotive components for these vehicle classes as taxonomyeligible.  technical screen ing criteria are used only to review the taxonomy alignment.  we classify slit strip manufactured for the automotive industry as taxonomyeligible because it is consistent with the definition of a component in accordance with regulation eu and regulation eu no.  .  thyssenkrupp classifies all its business activities in connection with the production of automotive components as taxonomyeligible

Score 0.506
also exempted are substances in a concentration of more than .  percent by mass which satisfy the criteria defined in article of regulation ec no.  by at least months and were determined in accordance with article if it is established and documented that no suitable alternative substances or technologies are available and these substances are used under controlled conditions.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that none of the aforementioned substances on their own in mixtures or in articles are manufactured placed on the market or used or that this is done only in accordance with the ex emptions described above.  such evidence includes for example lists of substances with a clp classification in accordance with regulation ec no

Score 0.505
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of operating expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code opex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm

Score 0.505
depending on the business model the percentages of the individual businesses ranged between marine systems and materials services.  th e following table shows the materials expense of each individual business in absolute figures materials expense million year endedsept.  year endedsept.  change in automotive technology decarbon technologies materials services steel europe marine systems corporate headquarters reconciliation group see preliminary remarks.  in the period under report the purchasing departments of our companies on the whole have ensured a reliable supply of materials and services for our operations and projects in the required scope despite limited availabilities within some commodities

Score 0.503
y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y sales of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies ccm

Score 0.502
prioryear figures have been adjusted accordingly.  automotive technology this segment develops and manufactures hightech components and systems for the automotive industry.  in addition forged compon ents and system solutions for the resources construction and mobility sectors are manufactured here.  decarbon technologies the segment covers the businesses of rothe erde uhde polysius and thyssenkrupp nucera which supply key technologies for the energy transition.  rothe erde is a supplier of slewing bearings rolling bearings and seamless rolled rings for the wind energy and co nstruction machinery industries

Score 0.501
those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts.  the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity.  this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no.  economic activity according to the delega ted acts business activity or product segment unit ccm

Score 0.498
capitalized production costs for selfconstructed assets include costs of material direct labor and allocable material and manufacturing overhead.  borrowing costs directly attributable to the production of assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are su bstantially ready for their intended use.  administrative costs ar e capitalized only if such costs are directly related to production.  maintenance and repair costs daytoday servicing are expensed as incu rred.  the group recognizes in the carrying amount of an item of property plant and equipment the cost of replacing parts and major inspe ction of such an item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the item will flow to the group and the cost o f the item can be measured reliably

Score 0.497
economic activity according to the delega ted acts business activity or product segment unit ccm .  manufacture of renewable energy technologies slewing bearings for wind turbines decarbon technologies rothe erde ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen water electrolysis technology decarbon technologies nucera green chemicals decarbon technologies uhde ccm .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies oxygendepolarised cathode odc decarbon technologies nucera envinox technology decarbon technologies uhde planeo technology biopolymers decarbon technologies uhde clean ammonia fertiliser decarbon technologies uhde gas scrubbing technology decarbon technologies uhde polysius pure oxyfuel decarbon technologies polysius polysius activated clay decarbon technologies polysius mecaclay mechanochemical activation decarbon technologies polysius ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel steel production steel europe ccm

Score 0.494
materiality for reporting purposes the condition for including taxonomyeligible business activities in eu taxonomy reporting is that external turnover is generated by a business activity that is consistent with the description of an economic activity in accordance with the delegated acts.  if a business activity is allocated to a research and developmentrelated economic activity this must either generate external turnover or be associated with a capital expenditure capex andor operating expenditure opex.  a materiality threshold of million applies in both cases.  in the first case it must be sa tisfied by turnover associated with a business activity and in the second case either by turnover as sociated with a business activity or by capital expenditure or operating expenditure for this activity.  turnoverbased technical screening criteria turnover is the main parameter used as the basis for technical screening criteria for assessing the taxonomy alignment of business activities

Score 0.494
inventories inventories are stated at the lower of acqu isitionmanufacturing cost and net realizable value.  in general inventories are val ued using the average cost method.  manufacturing cost includes direct material labor and allocable material and manufacturing overhead based on normal operating capacity.  financial instruments a financial instrument is any contract that at the same time gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liab ility or equity instrument of another entity.  financial instruments are recognized as soon as thyssenkrupp becomes a contracting party to the f inancial instrument

Score 0.492
opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy nuclear and fossil gas related activities row nuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle

Score 0.492
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities sales of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of capital expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code capex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm

Score 0.492
environmental objectives according to article of the eu taxonomy code description ccm climate change mitigation cca climate change adaption wtr sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources ce transition to a circular economy ppc pollution prevention and control bio protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems in accordance with article of the eu taxonomy as part of its nonfinancial statement which is integrated into this management report thyssenkrupp provides information on how and to what extent its business activities qualify as environmen tally sustainable based on this classification system.  as in the prior year this reporting relates to the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation and provides information on taxonomyeligible taxonomynoneligible and taxonomyaligned turnover capital expenditure capex and operating expenditure opex.  in the case of business activities assigned to an economic activity as defined in delegated regulation eu or eu reporting is restricted to taxonomyeligible and taxonomynoneligible turnover capex and opex.  at thyssenkrupp this concerns disclosures in connection with the manufacture of automotive and mobility components and aircraft as well as all business activities that can be assigned to nonclimaterelated environmental objectives.  key data on eu taxonomy million sales in capex in opex in sales in capex in opex in thyssenkrupp total taxonomyeligible thereof taxonomyaligned thereof not taxonomyaligned taxonomynoneligible of thyssenkrupps sales are taxonomyeligible and are achieved with business activities and products that can make a substantial contribution to achieving the european unions environmental objectives

Score 0.489
economic activity lever totalccm climate change mitigation .  manufacture of iron and steel upgrading million the capex plan of thyssenkrupp includes capital expenditures intended to allow the taxonomyeligible steel production activities of the thyssenkrupp group to become taxonomyaligned with respect to the environmental objective climate change mitigation.  the purpose of the capital expenditure is the construction and operational capability of a hydrogencapable direct reduction dr plant allowing lowcarbon manufacture of iron and steel by thyssenkrupp.  the executive board of thyssenkrupp approved the planned capital expenditure on february and the dr plant is scheduled to come into operation by the end of .  the taxonomy alignment of the activity associated with operating the plant is likely to be achieved in fiscal year

Score 0.489
g.  for production machinery or buildings the numerator also includes capital expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible busine ss activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point . . .  of the regulation as well as capital expenditure in accordance with annex i point

Score 0.488
a materiality threshold of million applies in both cases.  in the first case it must be sa tisfied by turnover associated with a business activity and in the second case either by turnover as sociated with a business activity or by capital expenditure or operating expenditure for this activity.  turnoverbased technical screening criteria turnover is the main parameter used as the basis for technical screening criteria for assessing the taxonomy alignment of business activities.  this applies analogously to capital and operating expenditures associated with these business activities irrespective of their intended purpose.  for example on the basis of their intended purpose capital expe nditures for a business activity could potentially be allocated to a different economic activity listed in the delegated acts which in turn could involve different screening criteria

Score 0.486
for production machinery or buildings the numerator also includes capital expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible busine ss activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point . . .  of the regulation as well as capital expenditure in accordance with annex i point .

Score 0.486
other methodologic al principles the disclosures for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure for the reporting year do not include data for business activiti es that were reclassified as taxonomyeligible or allocated to the new economic activities pursuant to delegated regulation eu or delegated regulation eu .  materiality for reporting purposes the condition for including taxonomyeligible business activities in eu taxonomy reporting is that external turnover is generated by a business activity that is consistent with the description of an economic activity in accordance with the delegated acts.  if a business activity is allocated to a research and developmentrelated economic activity this must either generate external turnover or be associated with a capital expenditure capex andor operating expenditure opex.  a materiality threshold of million applies in both cases.  in the first case it must be sa tisfied by turnover associated with a business activity and in the second case either by turnover as sociated with a business activity or by capital expenditure or operating expenditure for this activity

Score 0.486
no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades.  no row fossil gas related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to constr uction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of combined heatcool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heatcool using fossil gaseous fuels