Scores_k_FINANCIAL AND INSURANCE ACTIVITIESScore 0.566
this includes any transaction costs di rectly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets whi ch are not carried at fair value through profit or loss in future periods.  the fa ir values recognized on the balance sheet usually reflect the mar ket prices of the financial assets.  the classification and measurement of financ ial assets is based on the financial asset s cash flow characteristics and on thyss enkrupps business model for managing the financial assets.  different business models may apply for separate portfolios of identical debt instruments e. g

Score 0.558
financial assets in particular financial assets include trade accounts receivable cash and cash equivalents de rivative financial assets as w ell as equity and debt instruments.  trade accounts receivable are initially measured at the transaction price other financial assets are ini tially recognized at fair value.  this includes any transaction costs di rectly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets whi ch are not carried at fair value through profit or loss in future periods.  the fa ir values recognized on the balance sheet usually reflect the mar ket prices of the financial assets.  the classification and measurement of financ ial assets is based on the financial asset s cash flow characteristics and on thyss enkrupps business model for managing the financial assets

Score 0.539
trade accounts receivable are initially measured at the transaction price other financial assets are ini tially recognized at fair value.  this includes any transaction costs di rectly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets whi ch are not carried at fair value through profit or loss in future periods.  the fa ir values recognized on the balance sheet usually reflect the mar ket prices of the financial assets.  the classification and measurement of financ ial assets is based on the financial asset s cash flow characteristics and on thyss enkrupps business model for managing the financial assets.  different business models may apply for separate portfolios of identical debt instruments e

Score 0.538
the fa ir values recognized on the balance sheet usually reflect the mar ket prices of the financial assets.  the classification and measurement of financ ial assets is based on the financial asset s cash flow characteristics and on thyss enkrupps business model for managing the financial assets.  different business models may apply for separate portfolios of identical debt instruments e. g.  where factoring programs exist for certain trade accounts receivable

Score 0.538
the classification and measurement of financ ial assets is based on the financial asset s cash flow characteristics and on thyss enkrupps business model for managing the financial assets.  different business models may apply for separate portfolios of identical debt instruments e. g.  where factoring programs exist for certain trade accounts receivable.  if a debt instrument is held with the objective of collecting contractual cash flows and if the cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest the instrument is recognized at amortized cost

Score 0.537
other provisions include provisions for litigation risks environmental obligations and other risks from individual items not a llocable to other positions.  financial debt financial debt carrying amounts in million sept.  sept.  bonds loan notes liabilities to financial institutions lease liabilities other loans noncurrent financial debt bonds loan notes liabilities to financial institutions lease liabilities other loans current financial debt financial debt current financial debt includes financial debt with a remaining term up to one year while noncurrent financial debt has a rem aining term of more than one year.  financial debt in the amount of million prior year million is collateralized by real estate

Score 0.534
the investment committees meet regularly to re view the risks and performance of the major assets and approve the selection and rete ntion of external managers.  for the groups main pension assets regular asset liability studies are also carried out in which actuaries conduct a detaile d analysis of the structure of the pension obligations among other things in terms of age structure duration possible interest rateinflat ion risks.  on this basis the investment strategy and target portfolio of the pension assets are then defined and updated.  for risk management purposes liabilitydriven investment strategies may be used through which assets are geared towards the pension liabilities.  the processes established for managing and monitoring the plan assets as described above are used to counter the usual risks as sociated with capital market investment counterparty liquiditymarket and other risks

Score 0.522
the investment committees of the respective plan consist of senior financial management especially from treasury and other appropriate executi ves.  the investment committees meet regularly to re view the risks and performance of the major assets and approve the selection and rete ntion of external managers.  for the groups main pension assets regular asset liability studies are also carried out in which actuaries conduct a detaile d analysis of the structure of the pension obligations among other things in terms of age structure duration possible interest rateinflat ion risks.  on this basis the investment strategy and target portfolio of the pension assets are then defined and updated.  for risk management purposes liabilitydriven investment strategies may be used through which assets are geared towards the pension liabilities

Score 0.521
moreover financial assets are fully or partially impaired on the basis of defaults if it is reasonable to assume that they can no longer be fully realized e. g.  because the due date has long passed or owing to insolvency or similar proceedings.  receivables that do not bear interest or bear below market interest rates and have an expected term of more than one year are discounted with the discount subsequently amortized to inte rest income over the term of the receivable.  cash and cash equivalents include cash on ha nd demand deposits and time deposits as well as financial assets that are readily convertible to cash and which are only subject to an insignificant risk of change in value as well as current money market fund s with a maximum term of three months

Score 0.52
the credit standing of key account customers is monitored particularly closely.  further details are reported in note .  liquidity risks to secure the solvency and financial flexibility of the group at all times we maintain committed credit facilities and cash funds on the basis of multiyear financial planning and rolling monthly liquidity planning.  we use the cash pooling system to allocate resources to group companies internally according to requirements.  market risks to hedge market risks currency interest rate and commodity price risks we use derivative hedging instruments

Score 0.516
as far as in connec tion with plan assets minimum funding requirements related to p ast service exist an additional liability may need to be recognized in case the economic benefit of a surplus already taking into accoun t the contributions to be made in respect of the minimum funding requirements is limited.  the limit is determined by the present va lue of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in futu re contributions to the plan asset asset ceiling.  with the exception of net interest all income and expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognized in incomeloss from operations.  net interest included in net periodic pension cost is recognized in net financial incomeexpense in the groups s tatement of income.  the groups obligations for contributions to defined contribution plans are recognized as expense in incomeloss from operati ons as incurred

Score 0.514
million current noncurrent current noncurrentmiscellaneous other financial assets equity instruments debt instruments derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting total miscellaneous other financial assets mainly include receivables in connection with agent activities claims from bonuses and di scounts and receivables from price adjustments.  other financial assets in the amount of million prior ye ar million have a remaining term of more than one year.  as of september cumulative impairments amount to million prior year million regarding current other financial asset s and million prior year million regarding noncurrent other financial assets.  other nonfinancial assets other nonfinancial assets sept.  sept

Score 0.514
cash and cash equivalents include cash on ha nd demand deposits and time deposits as well as financial assets that are readily convertible to cash and which are only subject to an insignificant risk of change in value as well as current money market fund s with a maximum term of three months.  cash and cash equivalents without money market funds are measured at amortized cost money mark et funds at fair value through profit or loss.  financial liabilities financial liabilities are liabilities that must be settled in cash or other financial assets.  financial liabilities are initial ly carried at fair value.  this includes any transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial liabilities which are not carried at fair value through profit or loss in future periods

Score 0.51
the change in the obligation is in particular the result of the reduced interest rate.  other provisions include provisions for litigation risks environmental obligations and other risks from individual items not a llocable to other positions.  financial debt financial debt carrying amounts in million sept.  sept.  bonds loan notes liabilities to financial institutions lease liabilities other loans noncurrent financial debt bonds loan notes liabilities to financial institutions lease liabilities other loans current financial debt financial debt current financial debt includes financial debt with a remaining term up to one year while noncurrent financial debt has a rem aining term of more than one year

Score 0.51
. inventory of deferred tax assets and liabilities .  . permanent items .

Score 0.51
corporate headquarters . reconciliation .  the maximum credit risk exposure of the financial assets subject to the impairment models corresponds to the gross carrying amo unts less the recognized impairment losses.  the gross carrying amounts were secured by letters of credit credit insurances suretie s and guarantees amounting to million prior year million.  derivative financial instruments the group uses various derivative financial instruments including foreign currency forward contracts foreign currency options interest rate swaps cross currency swaps and commodity forward contracts

Score 0.509
trade accounts receivable excluding finance lease contract assets finance lease receivables other financial assets miscellaneous other financial assets equity instruments debt instruments derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting cash and cash equivalents total of financial assets financial debt excluding lease liabilities lease liabilities trade accounts payable other financial liabilities miscellaneous other financial liabilities derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting total of financial liabilities in the table on financial instruments as of september in deviation from september the option to not disclos e the fair value is used if it is identical to the carrying amount.  the carrying amounts of trade accounts receivable measured at am ortized cost other current receivables as well as cash and cas h equivalents equal their fair values due to the short remaining terms.  for money market funds and trade accounts receivable meas ured at fair value the carrying amount equals the fair value.  for the preference shares in connection wi th the elevator investment which are classified as equity instruments the option wa s exercised to recognize them at fair value in equity without recycling due to their significance.  miscellaneous other financial assets i nclude the loans from the elevator transaction which are measured at amortized cost see also note

Score 0.509
as far as the fair value of plan assets related to pensions or similar obligations exceeds the corresponding obligation the re cognition of an asset in respect to such surplus is limited.  as far as in connec tion with plan assets minimum funding requirements related to p ast service exist an additional liability may need to be recognized in case the economic benefit of a surplus already taking into accoun t the contributions to be made in respect of the minimum funding requirements is limited.  the limit is determined by the present va lue of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in futu re contributions to the plan asset asset ceiling.  with the exception of net interest all income and expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognized in incomeloss from operations.  net interest included in net periodic pension cost is recognized in net financial incomeexpense in the groups s tatement of income

Score 0.508
it mainly comprises fixed assets inventorie s and receivables.  deducted from this are certain noninterestbearing liability items such as trade accounts payable cf.  the follow ing reconciliation.  segment information for the year ended sept.  million automotivetechnologydecarbontechnologiesmaterials services steeleuropemarinesystemscorporate headquarters reconciliation groupyear ended sept

Score 0.508
the group uses professional investment managers to invest plan assets based on specific invest ment guidelines.  the investment committees of the respective plan consist of senior financial management especially from treasury and other appropriate executi ves.  the investment committees meet regularly to re view the risks and performance of the major assets and approve the selection and rete ntion of external managers.  for the groups main pension assets regular asset liability studies are also carried out in which actuaries conduct a detaile d analysis of the structure of the pension obligations among other things in terms of age structure duration possible interest rateinflat ion risks.  on this basis the investment strategy and target portfolio of the pension assets are then defined and updated

Score 0.506
finance charges including premiums payable on redemption or settlement are periodically accrued using the effective i nterest method and increase the liabilities carrying amounts.  derivative financial instruments derivative financial instruments mainly foreign currency forward contracts interest rate swaps and commodity forward contract s are used generally to reduce the currency interest rate and commodity price risk.  such derivatives and socalled embedded derivatives which are an integral part of certain contracts and must be accounted for separately are measured initially and subsequently at fair val ue.  if the fair value is positive they are recognized as financial assets othe rwise as financial liabilities.  if they do not qualify for hedg e accounting they are recognized at fair value in profit or loss and gains or lo sses due to fluctuations in fair value are recognized immediatel y in profit or loss

Score 0.505
year endedsept.  income from companies accounted for using the equity method interest income from financial receivables income from investments other finance income finance income interest expense from financial debt net interest cost of pensions and similar obligations other finance expenses finance expense total for the investments accounted for using the equity method see also note .  the line items interest income from financial receivables and other finance income include interest income from financial a ssets that are not measured at fair value through profit or loss of million prior year million.  the line items interest expe nse from financial debt and other finance expenses include interest expense from financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value through profit or loss of million prior year million.  other finance income and other finance expenses respectively incl ude income or expenses from currency derivatives from financ ial transactions and exchange rate gains or losses from financial transactions in foreign currencies

Score 0.504
financial liabilities are initial ly carried at fair value.  this includes any transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial liabilities which are not carried at fair value through profit or loss in future periods.  trade accounts payable and other nonderivative financial liabilities trade accounts payable and other nonderivative financial liabilities are in general measured at amortized cost using the effec tive interest method.  finance charges including premiums payable on redemption or settlement are periodically accrued using the effective i nterest method and increase the liabilities carrying amounts.  derivative financial instruments derivative financial instruments mainly foreign currency forward contracts interest rate swaps and commodity forward contract s are used generally to reduce the currency interest rate and commodity price risk

Score 0.504
receivables that do not bear interest or bear below market interest rates and have an expected term of more than one year are discounted with the discount subsequently amortized to inte rest income over the term of the receivable.  cash and cash equivalents include cash on ha nd demand deposits and time deposits as well as financial assets that are readily convertible to cash and which are only subject to an insignificant risk of change in value as well as current money market fund s with a maximum term of three months.  cash and cash equivalents without money market funds are measured at amortized cost money mark et funds at fair value through profit or loss.  financial liabilities financial liabilities are liabilities that must be settled in cash or other financial assets.  financial liabilities are initial ly carried at fair value

Score 0.502
outstanding receivables and default risks in connection with supplies and services are constantly monitored by the subsidiaries in some ca ses they are additionally insured under commercial credit policies.  the credit standing of key account customers is monitored particularly closely.  further details are reported in note .  liquidity risks to secure the solvency and financial flexibility of the group at all times we maintain committed credit facilities and cash funds on the basis of multiyear financial planning and rolling monthly liquidity planning.  we use the cash pooling system to allocate resources to group companies internally according to requirements

Score 0.501
sept.  million current noncurrent current noncurrentmiscellaneous other financial assets equity instruments debt instruments derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting total miscellaneous other financial assets mainly include receivables in connection with agent activities claims from bonuses and di scounts and receivables from price adjustments.  other financial assets in the amount of million prior ye ar million have a remaining term of more than one year.  as of september cumulative impairments amount to million prior year million regarding current other financial asset s and million prior year million regarding noncurrent other financial assets.  other nonfinancial assets other nonfinancial assets sept

Score 0.501
because the due date has long passed or owing to insolvency or similar proceedings.  receivables that do not bear interest or bear below market interest rates and have an expected term of more than one year are discounted with the discount subsequently amortized to inte rest income over the term of the receivable.  cash and cash equivalents include cash on ha nd demand deposits and time deposits as well as financial assets that are readily convertible to cash and which are only subject to an insignificant risk of change in value as well as current money market fund s with a maximum term of three months.  cash and cash equivalents without money market funds are measured at amortized cost money mark et funds at fair value through profit or loss.  financial liabilities financial liabilities are liabilities that must be settled in cash or other financial assets

Score 0.5
further details are reported in note .  liquidity risks to secure the solvency and financial flexibility of the group at all times we maintain committed credit facilities and cash funds on the basis of multiyear financial planning and rolling monthly liquidity planning.  we use the cash pooling system to allocate resources to group companies internally according to requirements.  market risks to hedge market risks currency interest rate and commodity price risks we use derivative hedging instruments.  to contain the risks of our numerous payment flows in different currencies in particular in us dollars we have developed groupwide policies for foreign currency management

Score 0.499
with the exception of net interest all income and expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognized in incomeloss from operations.  net interest included in net periodic pension cost is recognized in net financial incomeexpense in the groups s tatement of income.  the groups obligations for contributions to defined contribution plans are recognized as expense in incomeloss from operati ons as incurred.  the effects of remeasurements of pensions and similar obligations are recognized in other comprehensive income and reported in retained earnings.  they consist of actuarial gains and losses the return on plan assets and changes in the effects of asset ceiling exc luding amounts already included in net interest

Score 0.495
the carrying amounts of trade accounts receivable measured at am ortized cost other current receivables as well as cash and cas h equivalents equal their fair values due to the short remaining terms.  for money market funds and trade accounts receivable meas ured at fair value the carrying amount equals the fair value.  for the preference shares in connection wi th the elevator investment which are classified as equity instruments the option wa s exercised to recognize them at fair value in equity without recycling due to their significance.  miscellaneous other financial assets i nclude the loans from the elevator transaction which are measured at amortized cost see also note .  the other equity and debt instruments ar e in general measured at fair value incomeeffective which is based to the extent available on market prices as of the balance sheet date

Score 0.495
amortization of disc ounts and premiums of financial debt is included in financial incomeexpense net.  bonds and loan notes carryin g amount in million as of sept.  carryin g amount in million as o fsept.  notional amount as o f sept.  interest rate in fair value in million as ofsept

Score 0.495
income from companies accounted for using the equity method interest income from financial receivables income from investments other finance income finance income interest expense from financial debt net interest cost of pensions and similar obligations other finance expenses finance expense total for the investments accounted for using the equity method see also note .  the line items interest income from financial receivables and other finance income include interest income from financial a ssets that are not measured at fair value through profit or loss of million prior year million.  the line items interest expe nse from financial debt and other finance expenses include interest expense from financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value through profit or loss of million prior year million.  other finance income and other finance expenses respectively incl ude income or expenses from currency derivatives from financ ial transactions and exchange rate gains or losses from financial transactions in foreign currencies.  borrowing costs of million prior year million were capitalized in the reporting year this resulted in a correspondi ng improvement in other finance incomeexpense

Score 0.492
net interest included in net periodic pension cost is recognized in net financial incomeexpense in the groups s tatement of income.  the groups obligations for contributions to defined contribution plans are recognized as expense in incomeloss from operati ons as incurred.  the effects of remeasurements of pensions and similar obligations are recognized in other comprehensive income and reported in retained earnings.  they consist of actuarial gains and losses the return on plan assets and changes in the effects of asset ceiling exc luding amounts already included in net interest.  deferred taxes relating to remeasurements are also recognized in other comprehensive income

Score 0.492
liquidity risks to secure the solvency and financial flexibility of the group at all times we maintain committed credit facilities and cash funds on the basis of multiyear financial planning and rolling monthly liquidity planning.  we use the cash pooling system to allocate resources to group companies internally according to requirements.  market risks to hedge market risks currency interest rate and commodity price risks we use derivative hedging instruments.  to contain the risks of our numerous payment flows in different currencies in particular in us dollars we have developed groupwide policies for foreign currency management.  all group companies are required to hedge foreign currency positions at the ti me of their inception

Score 0.49
financial liabilities financial liabilities are liabilities that must be settled in cash or other financial assets.  financial liabilities are initial ly carried at fair value.  this includes any transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial liabilities which are not carried at fair value through profit or loss in future periods.  trade accounts payable and other nonderivative financial liabilities trade accounts payable and other nonderivative financial liabilities are in general measured at amortized cost using the effec tive interest method.  finance charges including premiums payable on redemption or settlement are periodically accrued using the effective i nterest method and increase the liabilities carrying amounts

Score 0.49
remeasurements of pensions and similar obligations are reported in retained ear nings in the period that they are recognized as other comprehensive income.  provisions for pensions and similar obligations the groups net obligation for defined benefit and other postretirement benefit plans have been calculated for each plan using the projected unit credit method as of the balance sheet date.  a quarterly valuation of pensions is performed on the basis of updated interest rates and fair values of plan assets.  as far as the fair value of plan assets related to pensions or similar obligations exceeds the corresponding obligation the re cognition of an asset in respect to such surplus is limited.  as far as in connec tion with plan assets minimum funding requirements related to p ast service exist an additional liability may need to be recognized in case the economic benefit of a surplus already taking into accoun t the contributions to be made in respect of the minimum funding requirements is limited

Score 0.489
the measures included the renego tiation of contracts with major customers the reduction of freight and energy costs and further site closures and restructuring measures.  special items most of the special items in the past fiscal year related to asset impairment losses at european companies.  other expenses were in connection with restructuring and the sale of two companies.  investments in line with its targets materials services invested particularly in north american growth projects and inaugurated a new service center each in mexico an d the usa in the past fiscal year.  furthermore at established sites in north america and europe our segment invested in processing equipment to increase vertical integration

Score 0.487
no changes were made to our financial management in the reporting year.  net financial assets and available liquidity net financial assets are calculated as the differ ence between cash cash equivalents and time deposits shown in the statement of financial position plus current debt instruments subsequently referred to as liquid funds and noncurrent and current financial debt.  as of september the group had liquid funds of .  billion which after de ducting gross financial debt of .  billion results in net financial assets of

Score 0.486
financial instruments stated as fi nancial assets or financial liabilities are generally not offset they are only offset when a legal right to setoff exists at that time and sett lement on a net basis is intended.  financial assets in particular financial assets include trade accounts receivable cash and cash equivalents de rivative financial assets as w ell as equity and debt instruments.  trade accounts receivable are initially measured at the transaction price other financial assets are ini tially recognized at fair value.  this includes any transaction costs di rectly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets whi ch are not carried at fair value through profit or loss in future periods.  the fa ir values recognized on the balance sheet usually reflect the mar ket prices of the financial assets

Score 0.486
the asset classes mainly include nat ional and international stocks fixed income government and nongovernment securities real estate and shares in highly diversified funds .  plan assets do not include any direct investments in thyssenkrupp debt securities treasury shares or real estate used on its own.  the group uses professional investment managers to invest plan assets based on specific invest ment guidelines.  the investment committees of the respective plan consist of senior financial management especially from treasury and other appropriate executi ves.  the investment committees meet regularly to re view the risks and performance of the major assets and approve the selection and rete ntion of external managers

Score 0.486
therefore the assets and liabilities relating to thes e activities have to be presented separately in the statement of financial position as of september .  the business performance is presented by segment.  the gcgc contains recommendations for disclosure s on the internal control and risk management system that go beyond the statutory requirements for the management report and are therefore outside the scope of the audit of the content of the management report performed by the auditor.  in this report they are assigned to the content of the co rporate governance statement moreover they are contained in separate paragraphs to set them apart from the disclosures to be audited and flagged accordingly.  the links are not part of the management report or the audit

Score 0.485
derivative assets and liabili ties are part of other financial assets and liabilities.  information on hedging instruments in the context of cash flow hedges and fair value hedges carrying amount on balance sheet sept.  million derivative assets derivative liabilities designated part o f hedging instrumentsfair value chan ge of hedged itemhedging of foreign currency risk foreign currency derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges hedging of interest risk interest rate derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges interest rate derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges hedging of commodity risk commodity derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges commodity derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges inclusive of cross currency swaps information on hedging instruments in the context of cash flow hedges and fair value hedges carrying amount on balance sheet sept.  million derivative assets derivative liabilities designated part o f hedging instrumentsfair value chan ge of hedged itemhedging of foreign currency risk foreign currency derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges hedging of interest risk interest rate derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges interest rate derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges hedging of commodity risk commodity derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges commodity derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges inclusive of cross currency swaps cash flows from future transactions are cu rrently hedged for a maximum of months.  during the current fiscal year million prior year million of cumulative other comprehensive income was reclassifie d to sales in profit or loss as a result of the underlying transactions being realized during the year

Score 0.484
current income and expenses from equity instruments are also presented in this category.  the category financial liabilities at amortized cost mainly comprises interest ex penses on financial liabilities as well as g ains and losses on foreign currency liabilities.  included in net result prior year net gains and losses are exchange differences of million prior year million.  impairments of financial assets for financial assets measured at amortized cost or at fair value recognized in equity as well as finance lease receivables an i mpairment loss is recognized for expected losses.  the gross carrying amounts and the impairment losses on trade acco unts receivable recognized at amortized cost as well as contr act assets developed as follows impairment of trade accounts receivable recognized at amortized cost as well as contract assets million gross carrying amount expected credit loss defaults total of impairments carryin g amountbalance as of oct

Score 0.484
the line items interest income from financial receivables and other finance income include interest income from financial a ssets that are not measured at fair value through profit or loss of million prior year million.  the line items interest expe nse from financial debt and other finance expenses include interest expense from financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value through profit or loss of million prior year million.  other finance income and other finance expenses respectively incl ude income or expenses from currency derivatives from financ ial transactions and exchange rate gains or losses from financial transactions in foreign currencies.  borrowing costs of million prior year million were capitalized in the reporting year this resulted in a correspondi ng improvement in other finance incomeexpense.  to the extent that financing can be specifically allocated to a specific investment the act ual borrowing costs are capitalized

Score 0.482
plan assets do not include any direct investments in thyssenkrupp debt securities treasury shares or real estate used on its own.  the group uses professional investment managers to invest plan assets based on specific invest ment guidelines.  the investment committees of the respective plan consist of senior financial management especially from treasury and other appropriate executi ves.  the investment committees meet regularly to re view the risks and performance of the major assets and approve the selection and rete ntion of external managers.  for the groups main pension assets regular asset liability studies are also carried out in which actuaries conduct a detaile d analysis of the structure of the pension obligations among other things in terms of age structure duration possible interest rateinflat ion risks

Score 0.481
g.  because the due date has long passed or owing to insolvency or similar proceedings.  receivables that do not bear interest or bear below market interest rates and have an expected term of more than one year are discounted with the discount subsequently amortized to inte rest income over the term of the receivable.  cash and cash equivalents include cash on ha nd demand deposits and time deposits as well as financial assets that are readily convertible to cash and which are only subject to an insignificant risk of change in value as well as current money market fund s with a maximum term of three months.  cash and cash equivalents without money market funds are measured at amortized cost money mark et funds at fair value through profit or loss

Score 0.481
those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts.  the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity.  this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no.  economic activity according to the delega ted acts business activity or product segment unit ccm

Score 0.48
million for fiscal year after total other financial assets other financial assets sept.  sept.  million current noncurrent current noncurrentmiscellaneous other financial assets equity instruments debt instruments derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting total miscellaneous other financial assets mainly include receivables in connection with agent activities claims from bonuses and di scounts and receivables from price adjustments.  other financial assets in the amount of million prior ye ar million have a remaining term of more than one year.  as of september cumulative impairments amount to million prior year million regarding current other financial asset s and million prior year million regarding noncurrent other financial assets

Score 0.48
special items most of the special items in the past fiscal year related to asset impairment losses at european companies.  other expenses were in connection with restructuring and the sale of two companies.  investments in line with its targets materials services invested particularly in north american growth projects and inaugurated a new service center each in mexico an d the usa in the past fiscal year.  furthermore at established sites in north america and europe our segment invested in processing equipment to increase vertical integration.  in connection with the extension of the contracts with major customers in the supply chain business further investment was made in modernizing machinery and warehouse equipment

Score 0.479
for the groups main pension assets regular asset liability studies are also carried out in which actuaries conduct a detaile d analysis of the structure of the pension obligations among other things in terms of age structure duration possible interest rateinflat ion risks.  on this basis the investment strategy and target portfolio of the pension assets are then defined and updated.  for risk management purposes liabilitydriven investment strategies may be used through which assets are geared towards the pension liabilities.  the processes established for managing and monitoring the plan assets as described above are used to counter the usual risks as sociated with capital market investment counterparty liquiditymarket and other risks.  thyssenkrupp annual report group financial statements thyssenkrupp group notes to the financial statements as described above the major pension obligations exist in german y the usa great britain and liechtenstein

Score 0.479
these activities met the criteria set forth in ifrs for recognition as a disposal group for the first time in the th quarter of .  therefore the assets and liabilities relating to thes e activities have to be presented separately in the statement of financial position as of september .  the business performance is presented by segment.  the gcgc contains recommendations for disclosure s on the internal control and risk management system that go beyond the statutory requirements for the management report and are therefore outside the scope of the audit of the content of the management report performed by the auditor.  in this report they are assigned to the content of the co rporate governance statement moreover they are contained in separate paragraphs to set them apart from the disclosures to be audited and flagged accordingly

Score 0.478
immediately before this a noncurrent asset or disposal group is initially measured in line with the respective ifrs standards to determine the carrying amount which is then compared to the fair value less costs of disposal of the group in order to recognize the group at the lower of both amounts.  impairment losses on initial class ification as held for sale are included in profit or loss as are gains and losses on subsequent remeasuremen t but not in excess of the cum ulative impairment loss.  financial statement classification certain line items on the consolidated statement of financial position and in the consolidated statement of income have been co mbined.  these items are disclosed separately in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  in general the group classifies assets and liabilities as current when they are expected to be realized or settled within twel ve months after the balance sheet date

Score 0.478
income taxes the recognition and measurement of current and deferred tax rece ivables and liabilities depend on management estimates of tax uncertainties and future business performance.  this includes both the interpretation of existing tax regulations and the testin g of deferred tax assets for impairment.  these estimates are adjusted when th ere is sufficient evidence of the need for such adjustment.  employee benefits the group accounts for pension and other postretirement benefits in accordance with actuarial va luations.  these valuations rely on statistical and other factors in order to anticipate future ev ents

Score 0.478
changes of liabilitiesassets from financing activities the following tables show the changes of liabilitiesassets from financing activities including the changes of cash flows and n oncash items reconciliation in accordance with ias year ended sept.  sept.  cash flows from financing activities noncash changes sept.  million acquisitionsdivestitures o fbusinesses currency differences fair value changes other changes bonds loan notes other loans liabilities to financial institutions lease liabilities other financial liabilities subtotal financial debt assetsliabilities from other financing activities total as far as liabilitiesassets from financing activities are concerned.  reconciliation in accordance with ias year ended sept

Score 0.477
provisions for employee benefits and other provisions provisions for employee benefits and pensions million employeebenefitsproduct warranties and product defects other contractual costs restructuringdecom missioning obligations others totalbalance as of sept.  currency differences acquisitionsdivestitures of businesses additions accretion reclassification amounts utilized reversals reclassification due to the presentation as liabilities associated with assets held for sale balance as of sept.  as of september million prior year million of the total of provisions for employee benefits and othe r provisions are current while million prior year million are noncurrent.  provisions of million prior year mi llion have a remaining term of more than one year.  provisions for employee compensation and benefit costs primarily represent employment anniversary bonuses and obligations for t he management incentive plans while social plan and related costs pertaining to personnel related structural measures are reflect ed in the provision for restructuring activities

Score 0.475
the line items interest expe nse from financial debt and other finance expenses include interest expense from financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value through profit or loss of million prior year million.  other finance income and other finance expenses respectively incl ude income or expenses from currency derivatives from financ ial transactions and exchange rate gains or losses from financial transactions in foreign currencies.  borrowing costs of million prior year million were capitalized in the reporting year this resulted in a correspondi ng improvement in other finance incomeexpense.  to the extent that financing can be specifically allocated to a specific investment the act ual borrowing costs are capitalized.  if not directly attributable the groups average borrowing rate for the reporting year is taken into ac count

Score 0.474
the effects of remeasurements of pensions and similar obligations are recognized in other comprehensive income and reported in retained earnings.  they consist of actuarial gains and losses the return on plan assets and changes in the effects of asset ceiling exc luding amounts already included in net interest.  deferred taxes relating to remeasurements are also recognized in other comprehensive income.  the group also maintains multiemployer plans.  in principle these multiemployer plans contain defined benefit plans as well a s defined contribution plans

Score 0.474
in addition to capital expenditure for business activities that are already taxonomyaligned e. g.  for production machinery or buildings the numerator also includes capital expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible busine ss activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point . .

Score 0.474
for money market funds and trade accounts receivable meas ured at fair value the carrying amount equals the fair value.  for the preference shares in connection wi th the elevator investment which are classified as equity instruments the option wa s exercised to recognize them at fair value in equity without recycling due to their significance.  miscellaneous other financial assets i nclude the loans from the elevator transaction which are measured at amortized cost see also note .  the other equity and debt instruments ar e in general measured at fair value incomeeffective which is based to the extent available on market prices as of the balance sheet date.  when no quoted market prices in an active market are available equity and debt instruments are measured by discounting future cash flows based on current market interest rates over the remaining term of the financial instruments

Score 0.474
they consist of actuarial gains and losses the return on plan assets and changes in the effects of asset ceiling exc luding amounts already included in net interest.  deferred taxes relating to remeasurements are also recognized in other comprehensive income.  the group also maintains multiemployer plans.  in principle these multiemployer plans contain defined benefit plans as well a s defined contribution plans.  with respect to defined benefit multiemployer plans these are accounted for in the same way as any other d efined benefit plan in case the required information is available

Score 0.473
net financial assets and available liquidity net financial assets are calculated as the differ ence between cash cash equivalents and time deposits shown in the statement of financial position plus current debt instruments subsequently referred to as liquid funds and noncurrent and current financial debt.  as of september the group had liquid funds of .  billion which after de ducting gross financial debt of .  billion results in net financial assets of .  billion

Score 0.472
for this regular interest rate risk analyses are prepared the results are fed into our risk management system.  taking into account the control measures selected the financial risks outlined above are still assessed as low.  valuation risks for the success of our strategic realignment it is important to have an organization in which the businesses can develop optimally.  therefore portfolio measures and restructuring of existing business activities are possible these are generally associated with execution risks.  in addition our strategic businesses are regularly tested for impairment

Score 0.472
if the payments received or due from the customer exceed the performance obligations fulf illed contract liabilities are recognized in the statement of financial position on a net basis.  government grants government grants are only recognized if there is reasonable assurance that the associated conditions will be met and the grant s will be granted.  investment grants are recorded as a reduction of acquisition or production costs of the assets in question and lead to a corresponding reduction of depreciation in subsequent periods.  grants that are not related to investments are recognized in pro fit or loss as other income in the periods in which the expenses that are to be compensated by the grant are incurred.  all donations receiv ed are reported in cash flow from investing activities

Score 0.472
financial instruments a financial instrument is any contract that at the same time gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liab ility or equity instrument of another entity.  financial instruments are recognized as soon as thyssenkrupp becomes a contracting party to the f inancial instrument.  in cases where trade date and settlement date do not coincide for nonderivative financial instruments the settlem ent date is used for initial recognition or derecognition while for derivatives the trade date is used.  financial instruments stated as fi nancial assets or financial liabilities are generally not offset they are only offset when a legal right to setoff exists at that time and sett lement on a net basis is intended.  financial assets in particular financial assets include trade accounts receivable cash and cash equivalents de rivative financial assets as w ell as equity and debt instruments

Score 0.472
under these agreements employees work additional time prior to retirement which is subsequently paid for in installments after retirement.  in addition employees re ceive a supplement on top of their pay.  for these obligations accruals were recognized in accordance with ias employee benefits.  provisions for employee benefits and other provisions provisions for employee benefits and pensions million employeebenefitsproduct warranties and product defects other contractual costs restructuringdecom missioning obligations others totalbalance as of sept.  currency differences acquisitionsdivestitures of businesses additions accretion reclassification amounts utilized reversals reclassification due to the presentation as liabilities associated with assets held for sale balance as of sept

Score 0.471
our cash management systems allow subsidiaries to use surplus funds of other units to cover their liquidity requirements.  this reduces the volume of external financing and thus interest expense.  external financing requirements are covered using money and capital market instruments such as bo nds loan notes or commercial paper.  moreover where required derivative financial instruments are used for hedging purposes.  we can also make use of committed credit facilities in various curren cies and with various terms as well as selected offbalancesheet financing instruments such as factoring programs

Score 0.47
financial instruments are recognized as soon as thyssenkrupp becomes a contracting party to the f inancial instrument.  in cases where trade date and settlement date do not coincide for nonderivative financial instruments the settlem ent date is used for initial recognition or derecognition while for derivatives the trade date is used.  financial instruments stated as fi nancial assets or financial liabilities are generally not offset they are only offset when a legal right to setoff exists at that time and sett lement on a net basis is intended.  financial assets in particular financial assets include trade accounts receivable cash and cash equivalents de rivative financial assets as w ell as equity and debt instruments.  trade accounts receivable are initially measured at the transaction price other financial assets are ini tially recognized at fair value

Score 0.469
reconciliation .  the maximum credit risk exposure of the financial assets subject to the impairment models corresponds to the gross carrying amo unts less the recognized impairment losses.  the gross carrying amounts were secured by letters of credit credit insurances suretie s and guarantees amounting to million prior year million.  derivative financial instruments the group uses various derivative financial instruments including foreign currency forward contracts foreign currency options interest rate swaps cross currency swaps and commodity forward contracts.  derivative financial instruments are generally used to hedge existing or anticipated underlying transactions so as to reduce foreign currency interest rate and commodity price risks

Score 0.468
cash and cash equivalents without money market funds are measured at amortized cost money mark et funds at fair value through profit or loss.  financial liabilities financial liabilities are liabilities that must be settled in cash or other financial assets.  financial liabilities are initial ly carried at fair value.  this includes any transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial liabilities which are not carried at fair value through profit or loss in future periods.  trade accounts payable and other nonderivative financial liabilities trade accounts payable and other nonderivative financial liabilities are in general measured at amortized cost using the effec tive interest method

Score 0.466
cumulative other comprehensive income includes foreign currency translation adjustments unrealized gains and losses on fair value measuremen t of debt and equity instruments and on derivative financial instruments in cash flow hedging hedging costs in connection wi th designated foreign currency derivatives impairment losses o n financial instruments recognized at fair value in equity as well as the share of the other comprehensive income attributable to associat es and joint ventures accounted for using the equity method.  remeasurements of pensions and similar obligations are reported in retained ear nings in the period that they are recognized as other comprehensive income.  provisions for pensions and similar obligations the groups net obligation for defined benefit and other postretirement benefit plans have been calculated for each plan using the projected unit credit method as of the balance sheet date.  a quarterly valuation of pensions is performed on the basis of updated interest rates and fair values of plan assets.  as far as the fair value of plan assets related to pensions or similar obligations exceeds the corresponding obligation the re cognition of an asset in respect to such surplus is limited

Score 0.466
currency differences acquisitionsdivestitures of businesses additions accretion reclassification amounts utilized reversals reclassification due to the presentation as liabilities associated with assets held for sale balance as of sept.  as of september million prior year million of the total of provisions for employee benefits and othe r provisions are current while million prior year million are noncurrent.  provisions of million prior year mi llion have a remaining term of more than one year.  provisions for employee compensation and benefit costs primarily represent employment anniversary bonuses and obligations for t he management incentive plans while social plan and related costs pertaining to personnel related structural measures are reflect ed in the provision for restructuring activities.  pension related obligations for partial retirement agreements and early retirement prog rams partly resulting from restructurings are part of the provision for pensions and similar obligations

Score 0.465
co ntinuous and standardized monitoring of ratings and early warni ng indicators enables us to minimize risks at an early stage.  derivative financial instruments are generally entered into on the b asis of standard contracts in which it is possible to net open transactions with the respective business partners.  default risks are generally hedged with suitable instruments.  these include in particular private and state credit insurance as well as letters of credit and guarantees from banks insurance companies and management companies.  in the case of longterm contracts addition al security is provided in the form of advance payments received

Score 0.465
if the performance obligations fulfilled for the customer exceed the payments received or due from the customer contract asset s are recognized in the statement of financial position on a net basis insofar as the right to receive payment from the customer is s till conditional.  unconditional rights to receive payment are recognized under trade accounts receivable and from this point payment automaticall y becomes due with the passage of time.  if the payments received or due from the customer exceed the performance obligations fulf illed contract liabilities are recognized in the statement of financial position on a net basis.  government grants government grants are only recognized if there is reasonable assurance that the associated conditions will be met and the grant s will be granted.  investment grants are recorded as a reduction of acquisition or production costs of the assets in question and lead to a corresponding reduction of depreciation in subsequent periods

Score 0.465
single assets held for sale disposal groups and discontinued operations a single noncurrent asset is classified as held for sale if its carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale t ransaction rather than through continuing use.  the group reports assets and liabilitie s as a disposal group that will be disposed of by sale or otherwise in a single transaction which collectively meet the held for sale cr iteria as specified in ifrs noncurrent assets held for sale and discontinued operations.  the group reports the assets and liabilities of a disposal group separately in the balance sheet line item assets held for saledisposal and liabilities associated with assets held for saledisposal respectively.  unless a disposal group qualifies for discontinued operations reporting the revenues and expenses of the disposal group remain within continuing operations until th e date of disposal.  the group reports the results of a disposal group that also qualifies as a separate component of the group as discont inued operations if it represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations

Score 0.464
for risk management purposes liabilitydriven investment strategies may be used through which assets are geared towards the pension liabilities.  the processes established for managing and monitoring the plan assets as described above are used to counter the usual risks as sociated with capital market investment counterparty liquiditymarket and other risks.  thyssenkrupp annual report group financial statements thyssenkrupp group notes to the financial statements as described above the major pension obligations exist in german y the usa great britain and liechtenstein.  the plan assets i n these countries amount to of the total plan assets as of septembe r prior year .  as of the balance sheet date the p ortfolio of these major plan assets comprise s the following asset categories asset allocation of major plan assets sept

Score 0.463
in parallel mitigation measures are identified and initiated.  to reduce business interruption risks and improve fire safety funds are made available for ongoing preventive maintenance and for modernization and investment.  there are business continuity plans and emergency and crisis plans to deal with possible business interr uptions.  these set out measures to remedy the damage.  the segment has integrated a business and technical risk controlling system for property insurance into its risk management process

Score 0.463
finance lease receivables and lease liabilities contract assets and derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting are also included although they are not part of any ifrs measurement category.  financial instruments as of sept.  measurement category in accordance with ifrs measurement in accordance with ifrs ifrs million carryin gamount onbalance sheetsept.  amortized cost fair value recognized in profit or lossfair value recognized in equitywith recyclingfair value recognized in equity without recycling amortized costcarryin g amount as o f sept.  trade accounts receivable excluding finance lease contract assets finance lease receivables other financial assets miscellaneous other financial assets equity instruments debt instruments derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting cash and cash equivalents total of financial assets financial debt excluding lease liabilities lease liabilities trade accounts payable other financial liabilities miscellaneous other financial liabilities derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting total of financial liabilities figures have been adjusted see note

Score 0.462
the maximum credit risk exposure of the financial assets subject to the impairment models corresponds to the gross carrying amo unts less the recognized impairment losses.  the gross carrying amounts were secured by letters of credit credit insurances suretie s and guarantees amounting to million prior year million.  derivative financial instruments the group uses various derivative financial instruments including foreign currency forward contracts foreign currency options interest rate swaps cross currency swaps and commodity forward contracts.  derivative financial instruments are generally used to hedge existing or anticipated underlying transactions so as to reduce foreign currency interest rate and commodity price risks.  in some cases the derivatives are designated as hedging instruments for hedge accounting purposes

Score 0.462
there are no significant d elivery and service relations.  in the and fiscal years the group has business relations wi th nonconsolidated subsidia ries associates and joint ventures.  transactions with these related parties result in gene ral from the delivery and service relations in the ordinary cou rse of business the extent of the business relations is presented in the following table related party transactions sales supplies and services receivables total liabilities million year endedsept.  year endedsept.  year ended sept

Score 0.462
noncash financing activities in the year ended september a noncash decrease of gross financial debt of million prior year million results from deconsolidation.  changes of liabilitiesassets from financing activities the following tables show the changes of liabilitiesassets from financing activities including the changes of cash flows and n oncash items reconciliation in accordance with ias year ended sept.  sept.  cash flows from financing activities noncash changes sept.  million acquisitionsdivestitures o fbusinesses currency differences fair value changes other changes bonds loan notes other loans liabilities to financial institutions lease liabilities other financial liabilities subtotal financial debt assetsliabilities from other financing activities total as far as liabilitiesassets from financing activities are concerned

Score 0.461
provisions for pensions and similar obligations the groups net obligation for defined benefit and other postretirement benefit plans have been calculated for each plan using the projected unit credit method as of the balance sheet date.  a quarterly valuation of pensions is performed on the basis of updated interest rates and fair values of plan assets.  as far as the fair value of plan assets related to pensions or similar obligations exceeds the corresponding obligation the re cognition of an asset in respect to such surplus is limited.  as far as in connec tion with plan assets minimum funding requirements related to p ast service exist an additional liability may need to be recognized in case the economic benefit of a surplus already taking into accoun t the contributions to be made in respect of the minimum funding requirements is limited.  the limit is determined by the present va lue of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in futu re contributions to the plan asset asset ceiling

Score 0.461
the groups obligations for contributions to defined contribution plans are recognized as expense in incomeloss from operati ons as incurred.  the effects of remeasurements of pensions and similar obligations are recognized in other comprehensive income and reported in retained earnings.  they consist of actuarial gains and losses the return on plan assets and changes in the effects of asset ceiling exc luding amounts already included in net interest.  deferred taxes relating to remeasurements are also recognized in other comprehensive income.  the group also maintains multiemployer plans

Score 0.46
see accompanying notes to financial statements.  financing principles and aims of financial management the goal of our financial management is to ensure our solvency at all times.  the financing of the group is handled centrally by thyssenkrupp ag enabling a uniform presence on the capital markets and is based on a multiyear financial planning system and a monthly rolling liquidity planning system covering a planning period of up to one year.  our cash management systems allow subsidiaries to use surplus funds of other units to cover their liquidity requirements.  this reduces the volume of external financing and thus interest expense

Score 0.46
borrowing costs directly attributable to the production of assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are su bstantially ready for their intended use.  administrative costs ar e capitalized only if such costs are directly related to production.  maintenance and repair costs daytoday servicing are expensed as incu rred.  the group recognizes in the carrying amount of an item of property plant and equipment the cost of replacing parts and major inspe ction of such an item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the item will flow to the group and the cost o f the item can be measured reliably.  where fixtures and equipment comprise of significant parts having different useful lives those parts are depreciated separately

Score 0.46
.  of the regulation as well as capital expenditure in accordance with annex i point . . .  c

Score 0.46
on initial classification as held for sale noncurrent assets and disposal groups are recognized at the lower of the carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and depreciation and amortization ceases.  immediately before this a noncurrent asset or disposal group is initially measured in line with the respective ifrs standards to determine the carrying amount which is then compared to the fair value less costs of disposal of the group in order to recognize the group at the lower of both amounts.  impairment losses on initial class ification as held for sale are included in profit or loss as are gains and losses on subsequent remeasuremen t but not in excess of the cum ulative impairment loss.  financial statement classification certain line items on the consolidated statement of financial position and in the consolidated statement of income have been co mbined.  these items are disclosed separately in the notes to the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.458
impairments of financial assets for financial assets measured at amortized cost or at fair value recognized in equity as well as finance lease receivables an i mpairment loss is recognized for expected losses.  the gross carrying amounts and the impairment losses on trade acco unts receivable recognized at amortized cost as well as contr act assets developed as follows impairment of trade accounts receivable recognized at amortized cost as well as contract assets million gross carrying amount expected credit loss defaults total of impairments carryin g amountbalance as of oct.  currency differences acquisitionsdivestitures of businesses additions amounts utilized reversals transfer between impairment stages other changes balance as of sept.  currency differences acquisitionsdivestitures of businesses additions amounts utilized reversals transfer between impairment stages other changes balance as of sept.  the presentation of the gross values of contract assets as of oct

Score 0.457
other nonfinancial assets other nonfinancial assets sept.  sept.  million current noncurrent current noncurrentadvance payments on intangible assets advance payments property plant equiment ppe advance payments right of use assets advance payments to suppliers of inventories an d to other current nonfinancial assets prepayments miscellaneous total thyssenkrupp annual report group financial statements thyssenkrupp group notes to the financial statements other nonfinancial assets in the amount of million prior year million have a remaining term of more than one year .  as of september cumulative impairments amount to million prior year million regarding current other nonfinancial assets and million prior year million regarding noncurrent other nonfinancial assets.  other noncurrent nonfinancial assets include million previ ous year million from the capitalization of costs of obta ining contracts with customers as required under ifrs if certain conditions are met

Score 0.457
deducted from this are certain noninterestbearing liability items such as trade accounts payable cf.  the follow ing reconciliation.  segment information for the year ended sept.  million automotivetechnologydecarbontechnologiesmaterials services steeleuropemarinesystemscorporate headquarters reconciliation groupyear ended sept.  external sales internal sales within the group sales income from companies accounted for using the equity method aggregate investment in investees accounted for using the equity method ebit adjusted ebit average capital employed depreciation expense impairment losses of intangible assets property plant and equipment inclusive of investment property reversals of impairment losses of intangible assets property plant and equipment inclusive of investment property significant noncash items capital expenditures intangible assets property plant and equipment inclusive of investment property figures have been adjusted

Score 0.456
this includes any transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial liabilities which are not carried at fair value through profit or loss in future periods.  trade accounts payable and other nonderivative financial liabilities trade accounts payable and other nonderivative financial liabilities are in general measured at amortized cost using the effec tive interest method.  finance charges including premiums payable on redemption or settlement are periodically accrued using the effective i nterest method and increase the liabilities carrying amounts.  derivative financial instruments derivative financial instruments mainly foreign currency forward contracts interest rate swaps and commodity forward contract s are used generally to reduce the currency interest rate and commodity price risk.  such derivatives and socalled embedded derivatives which are an integral part of certain contracts and must be accounted for separately are measured initially and subsequently at fair val ue

Score 0.456
maintenance and repair costs daytoday servicing are expensed as incu rred.  the group recognizes in the carrying amount of an item of property plant and equipment the cost of replacing parts and major inspe ction of such an item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the item will flow to the group and the cost o f the item can be measured reliably.  where fixtures and equipment comprise of significant parts having different useful lives those parts are depreciated separately.  fixtures and equipment are depreciated over the customary useful life using the stra ightline method.  the following useful live s are used as a basis for calculating depreciation useful livesbuildings inclusive of investment properties to yearsbuildings and land improvements to yearstechnical machinery and equipment to yearsfactory and office equipment to years investment property consists of investments in land and buildings that are held to earn rental income or for capital appreciati on rather than for use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes or sale in the ordinary course of business

Score 0.455
transactions with these related parties result in gene ral from the delivery and service relations in the ordinary cou rse of business the extent of the business relations is presented in the following table related party transactions sales supplies and services receivables total liabilities million year endedsept.  year endedsept.  year ended sept.  year endedsept.  sept

Score 0.454
the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity.  this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no.  economic activity according to the delega ted acts business activity or product segment unit ccm .  manufacture of renewable energy technologies slewing bearings for wind turbines decarbon technologies rothe erde ccm

Score 0.454
these derivatives meet the offsetting criteria under ias and are therefore shown as net amounts in the statement of financial posi tion they amount to million prior year million.  cas h collateral exists in the amount of million prior year million.  the following tables show net result from financial instruments by measurement categories under ifrs net result from financial instruments million year endedsept.  year endedsept.  financial assets at amortized cost financial assets liabilities at fair value recognized in equity with recycling financial assets liabilities at fair value recognized in profit or loss financial liabilities at amortized cost net gains under financial assets at amortized cost mainly compri se interest income on financial receivables allowances for t rade accounts receivable as well as gains and losses on foreign currency receivables

Score 0.454
sept.  cash flows from financing activities noncash changes sept.  million acquisitionsdivestitures o fbusinesses currency differences fair value changes other changes bonds loan notes other loans liabilities to financial institutions lease liabilities other financial liabilities subtotal financial debt assetsliabilities from other financing activities total as far as liabilitiesassets from financing activities are concerned.  reconciliation in accordance with ias year ended sept.  sept

Score 0.453
in addition to operating expenditure for business activities that are already taxonomyaligned th e numerator also includes operating expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible business activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point . . .  of the regulation as well as oper ating expenditure in accordance with annex i point .

Score 0.453
repayments of bonds proceeds from liabilities to financial institutions repayments of liabilities to financial institutions lease liabilities proceeds fromrepayments on loan notes and other loans payment of thyssenkrupp ag dividend proceeds from capital increase profit attributable to noncontrolling interest expenditures for acquisitions of shares of already consolidated companies proceeds from disposals of shares of already consolidated companies other financial activities cash flows from financing activities net increasedecrease in cash and cash equivalents effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents at beginning of reporting period cash and cash equivalents at end of reporting period thereof cash and cash equivalents within the disposal groups additional information regarding cash flows from interest dividends and income taxes which are included in operating cash flows interest received interest paid dividends received income taxes paidreceived the presentation as of sept.  has been adjusted see note .  see accompanying notes to financial statements.  offbalancesheet financing instruments our offbalancesheet financing instruments also include the nonrecourse factoring of receivables from ordinary business activities which the group sold in the amount of .  billion as of the reporting date prior year

Score 0.453
information on hedging instruments in the context of cash flow hedges and fair value hedges carrying amount on balance sheet sept.  million derivative assets derivative liabilities designated part o f hedging instrumentsfair value chan ge of hedged itemhedging of foreign currency risk foreign currency derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges hedging of interest risk interest rate derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges interest rate derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges hedging of commodity risk commodity derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges commodity derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges inclusive of cross currency swaps information on hedging instruments in the context of cash flow hedges and fair value hedges carrying amount on balance sheet sept.  million derivative assets derivative liabilities designated part o f hedging instrumentsfair value chan ge of hedged itemhedging of foreign currency risk foreign currency derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges hedging of interest risk interest rate derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges interest rate derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges hedging of commodity risk commodity derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges commodity derivatives qualifying as fair value hedges inclusive of cross currency swaps cash flows from future transactions are cu rrently hedged for a maximum of months.  during the current fiscal year million prior year million of cumulative other comprehensive income was reclassifie d to sales in profit or loss as a result of the underlying transactions being realized during the year.  in addition million from the re serve for cash flow hedges was reclassified to decrease cost of inventories prior year million to decrease cost of inventories as the h edged commodities were recognized

Score 0.453
cash flows from financing activities noncash changes sept.  million acquisitionsdivestitures o fbusinesses currency differences fair value changes other changes bonds loan notes other loans liabilities to financial institutions lease liabilities other financial liabilities subtotal financial debt assetsliabilities from other financing activities total as far as liabilitiesassets from financing activities are concerned.  reconciliation in accordance with ias year ended sept.  sept.  cash flows from financing activities noncash changes sept

Score 0.453
we prevent risks arising by following the risk policy principles and not entering into transactions that infringe codes of conduct or other groupwide policies.  we transfer risks in cases where the financial scale of a risk can be minimized by measures such as insurance policies.  more information is contained in the section below on risk transfer.  we reduce risks by taking appropriate targeted measures and for example by continuously improving our internal control system.  more information on the individual initiatives can be found in the sections internal control system and operational risks of the businesses