Scores_e_WATER SUPPLY; SEWERAGE, WASTE MANAGEMENT AND REMEDIATION ACTIVITIESScore 0.593
thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste to make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that at least by weight of the separately collected and processed nonhazardous waste is converted into secondary raw materials.  moreover the resulting recycled materials must be able to substitute virgin materials in production processes.  the slag treatment performed in the course of this activity achieves recycling rates that exceed the minimum requirements.  in addition the secondary raw materials obtained can substitute both virgin construction materials and fertilizers

Score 0.586
material recovery from nonhazardous waste thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations contextual information on the key performance indicator related to operating expenditure opex million operating expenditure related to taxonomyaligned business activities operating expenditure as part of a capex plan operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.  . . .

Score 0.58
taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel yel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm

Score 0.579
taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm

Score 0.575
moreover the resulting recycled materials must be able to substitute virgin materials in production processes.  the slag treatment performed in the course of this activity achieves recycling rates that exceed the minimum requirements.  in addition the secondary raw materials obtained can substitute both virgin construction materials and fertilizers.  evidence of this is provided by an analysis of the production and use of slag from iron and steel works by a research institute specializing in construction materials.  fulfillment of the dnsh criteria in the performance of this economic activity was reviewed in accordance with the procedures and verification documents outlined in the specific sections

Score 0.575
y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y sales of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm

Score 0.571
fulfillment of the dnsh criteria in the performance of these business activities was reviewed in accordance with the procedures and verification documents outlined in the dnshspecific sections.  thyssenkrupp reviews compliance with the conformity criteria systematically and in collaboration between the corporate functions and business areas.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste to make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that at least by weight of the separately collected and processed nonhazardous waste is converted into secondary raw materials.  moreover the resulting recycled materials must be able to substitute virgin materials in production processes

Score 0.565
y nel yel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm

Score 0.558
opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy nuclear and fossil gas related activities row nuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle

Score 0.556
opex of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy nuclear and fossil gas related activities row nuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies

Score 0.554
y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of iron and steel ccm .  y nel nel yel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a

Score 0.552
for the plant engineering projects to manufacture water electrolysis plants that were considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in the reporting year the tender documents issued by the eu innovation fund are used to determine achievement of the specified emissions savings.  fulfillment of the dnsh criteria in the performance of these business activities was reviewed in accordance with the procedures and verification documents outlined in the dnshspecific sections.  thyssenkrupp reviews compliance with the conformity criteria systematically and in collaboration between the corporate functions and business areas.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste to make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that at least by weight of the separately collected and processed nonhazardous waste is converted into secondary raw materials

Score 0.551
taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy nuclear and fossil gas related activities row nuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades.  no row fossil gas related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to constr uction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of combined heatcool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels

Score 0.551
material recovery from nonhazardous waste to make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that at least by weight of the separately collected and processed nonhazardous waste is converted into secondary raw materials.  moreover the resulting recycled materials must be able to substitute virgin materials in production processes.  the slag treatment performed in the course of this activity achieves recycling rates that exceed the minimum requirements.  in addition the secondary raw materials obtained can substitute both virgin construction materials and fertilizers.  evidence of this is provided by an analysis of the production and use of slag from iron and steel works by a research institute specializing in construction materials

Score 0.551
these activities met the criteria set forth in ifrs for recognition as a disposal group for the first time in the th quarter of .  therefore the assets and liabilities relating to thes e activities have to be presented separately in the statement of financial position as of september .  the business performance is presented by segment.  the gcgc contains recommendations for disclosure s on the internal control and risk management system that go beyond the statutory requirements for the management report and are therefore outside the scope of the audit of the content of the management report performed by the auditor.  in this report they are assigned to the content of the co rporate governance statement moreover they are contained in separate paragraphs to set them apart from the disclosures to be audited and flagged accordingly

Score 0.549
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy nuclear and fossil gas related activities row nuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades.  no row fossil gas related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to constr uction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels

Score 0.547
thyssenkrupp reviews compliance with the conformity criteria systematically and in collaboration between the corporate functions and business areas.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste to make a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigation the technical screening criteria for business activities in this category require that at least by weight of the separately collected and processed nonhazardous waste is converted into secondary raw materials.  moreover the resulting recycled materials must be able to substitute virgin materials in production processes.  the slag treatment performed in the course of this activity achieves recycling rates that exceed the minimum requirements

Score 0.547
a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy nuclear and fossil gas related activities row nuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades

Score 0.541
such evidence includes for example operating permits preliminary reviews in respect of environmental impact assessments or the environmental impact assessments themselves environmental audits or specific risk analyses in respect of th e requirements described in this section.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy dnsh criteria transition to a circular economy as a rule the dnsh criteria in respect of transition to a circular economy require an assessment of the availability and where feasible adoption of techniques that support the following practices use of secondary raw materials and reused components in manufactured products design for high durability recyclability easy disassembly and adaptability of products waste management that prioritizes recycling over disposal in the manufacturing process information on and traceability of substances of concern in products in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that an asse ssment of the availability of processes in support of the circular economy has been performed or that such practices are already used in the context of this business activity .  such evidence includes for example operating permits compliance audits relating to waste disposal law environmental audits or productspecific documents that provide information about the composition of materials or other properties of the products manufactured in the course this business activity that are relevant to this matter.  dnsh criteria pollution prevention and control the dnsh criteria relating to pollution prevention and control require that economic activities do not lead to the manufacture placing on the market or use of substances or groups of substances whether on their own in mixtures or in articles that are subject to european regulation.  these include persistent organic pollutants listed in annexes i and ii to regulation eu mercury and mercury compounds or mercury mixtures as defined in article of regulation eu ozonedepleting substances as defined in annexes i and ii to regulation ec no

Score 0.541
taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of iron and steel ccm

Score 0.539
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel yel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a

Score 0.539
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y sales of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a

Score 0.538
y nel nel yel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm

Score 0.527
y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel yel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm

Score 0.527
material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  freight transport services by road ccm .  infrastructure for rail transport ccm .  provision of itot datadriven solutions and software ce .  opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.527
.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of iron and steel ccm .  y nel nel yel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm

Score 0.527
material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  freight transport services by road ccm .  infrastructure for rail transport ccm .  provision of itot datadriven solutions and software ce .  sales of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.527
manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations contextual information on the key performance indicator related to operating expenditure opex million operating expenditure related to taxonomyaligned business activities operating expenditure as part of a capex plan operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.  .

Score 0.526
y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of iron and steel ccm .  y nel nel yel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm

Score 0.525
y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y sales of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm

Score 0.525
thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel ccm

Score 0.522
for operations in third countries risks analyses of this type must be performed in accordance with the applicable national laws or international standards with the proviso that the aspirational level for good quality water resources is comparable to that of the european regulations.  in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alig nment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that such risk analyses have been performed and any necessary mitigation measures have been implemented.  such evidence includes for example operating permits preliminary reviews in respect of environmental impact assessments or the environmental impact assessments themselves environmental audits or specific risk analyses in respect of th e requirements described in this section.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy dnsh criteria transition to a circular economy as a rule the dnsh criteria in respect of transition to a circular economy require an assessment of the availability and where feasible adoption of techniques that support the following practices use of secondary raw materials and reused components in manufactured products design for high durability recyclability easy disassembly and adaptability of products waste management that prioritizes recycling over disposal in the manufacturing process information on and traceability of substances of concern in products in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that an asse ssment of the availability of processes in support of the circular economy has been performed or that such practices are already used in the context of this business activity .  such evidence includes for example operating permits compliance audits relating to waste disposal law environmental audits or productspecific documents that provide information about the composition of materials or other properties of the products manufactured in the course this business activity that are relevant to this matter

Score 0.521
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of iron and steel ccm .  y nel nel yel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.52
change in taxonomyeligible business activities compared to the previous year already reported as taxonomyeligible in the previous year newly classified as taxonomyeligible new economic activity according to eu or eu slewing bearings for wind turbines water electrolysis technology oxygendepolarised cathode odc envinox technology steel production slag processing logistics services green chemicals planeo technology biopolymere clean ammonia fertiliser gas scrubbing technology polysius pure oxyfuel polysius activated clay mecaclay steel sleepers ties automotive components aircraft parts and services digital products toii on the basis of the expert assessment in the course of determining taxonomyeligible business activities thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyaligned bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyaligned if they m eet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy dnsh criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to article .  determining taxonomyaligned business activities to determine the taxonomyaligned business activi ties profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delega ted acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  the qualitative and quantitative screening criteria are extracted from the delegated acts and translated into documentation requirements for the segments and entities that perform the activities.  the profiles also include the documentation requirements resulting from the minimum safeguards pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy.  the evidence for the business activities that must be considered in the screening procedur e for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year is compiled in accordance with these profiles of requirements

Score 0.52
thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy dnsh criteria transition to a circular economy as a rule the dnsh criteria in respect of transition to a circular economy require an assessment of the availability and where feasible adoption of techniques that support the following practices use of secondary raw materials and reused components in manufactured products design for high durability recyclability easy disassembly and adaptability of products waste management that prioritizes recycling over disposal in the manufacturing process information on and traceability of substances of concern in products in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that an asse ssment of the availability of processes in support of the circular economy has been performed or that such practices are already used in the context of this business activity .  such evidence includes for example operating permits compliance audits relating to waste disposal law environmental audits or productspecific documents that provide information about the composition of materials or other properties of the products manufactured in the course this business activity that are relevant to this matter.  dnsh criteria pollution prevention and control the dnsh criteria relating to pollution prevention and control require that economic activities do not lead to the manufacture placing on the market or use of substances or groups of substances whether on their own in mixtures or in articles that are subject to european regulation.  these include persistent organic pollutants listed in annexes i and ii to regulation eu mercury and mercury compounds or mercury mixtures as defined in article of regulation eu ozonedepleting substances as defined in annexes i and ii to regulation ec no.  hazardous substances in electrical and electron ic appliances as defined annex ii to directive eu chemical substances as defined in annex xvii to regulation ec no

Score 0.516
dnsh criteria sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the dnsh criteria relating to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources require an assessment of the risks relating to water quality and the avoidance of water shortages as well as the elimination of such risks if these have not already been identified and eliminated in the environmental impact assessments pursuant to directive eu.  for operations in third countries risks analyses of this type must be performed in accordance with the applicable national laws or international standards with the proviso that the aspirational level for good quality water resources is comparable to that of the european regulations.  in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alig nment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that such risk analyses have been performed and any necessary mitigation measures have been implemented.  such evidence includes for example operating permits preliminary reviews in respect of environmental impact assessments or the environmental impact assessments themselves environmental audits or specific risk analyses in respect of th e requirements described in this section.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy dnsh criteria transition to a circular economy as a rule the dnsh criteria in respect of transition to a circular economy require an assessment of the availability and where feasible adoption of techniques that support the following practices use of secondary raw materials and reused components in manufactured products design for high durability recyclability easy disassembly and adaptability of products waste management that prioritizes recycling over disposal in the manufacturing process information on and traceability of substances of concern in products in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that an asse ssment of the availability of processes in support of the circular economy has been performed or that such practices are already used in the context of this business activity

Score 0.514
for this reason the term is interpreted as all costbenefit relationships that ca n be associated with an aircraft.  that is why we define the recyclability at the end of the life cycl e of the aircraft components manufactured in the context of this economic activity as a criterion for efficiency.  change in taxonomyeligible business activities compared to the previous year already reported as taxonomyeligible in the previous year newly classified as taxonomyeligible new economic activity according to eu or eu slewing bearings for wind turbines water electrolysis technology oxygendepolarised cathode odc envinox technology steel production slag processing logistics services green chemicals planeo technology biopolymere clean ammonia fertiliser gas scrubbing technology polysius pure oxyfuel polysius activated clay mecaclay steel sleepers ties automotive components aircraft parts and services digital products toii on the basis of the expert assessment in the course of determining taxonomyeligible business activities thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyaligned bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyaligned if they m eet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy dnsh criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to article .  determining taxonomyaligned business activities to determine the taxonomyaligned business activi ties profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delega ted acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  the qualitative and quantitative screening criteria are extracted from the delegated acts and translated into documentation requirements for the segments and entities that perform the activities

Score 0.512
material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  freight transport services by road ccm .  infrastructure for rail transport ccm .  provision of itot datadriven solutions and software ce .  capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.508
manufacture of iron and steel ccm .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components ccm .  manufacturing of aircraft ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  freight transport services by road ccm

Score 0.507
the provision for decommissioning obligations mainly consists of obligations associated with mining activities and recultivatin g landfills.  obligations associated with mining activities and recultivating landfills are generally handled over long periods of time in s ome cases more than years.  the technical parameters are very complex.  as a result uncertainty exists with regard to the timing and concret e amount of t h e e x p e n s e s .  o b l i g a t i o n s t o s e c u r e i n c u r r e d m i n i n g c l a i m s w i t h a t e r m o f m o r e t h a n y e a r s a m o u n t t o m i l l i o n a s o f september prior year million

Score 0.507
determining taxonomyeligible business activities in order to determine thyssenkrupps taxonomyeligible business activities the delegated acts issued in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy were analyzed at group level by a team of experts.  those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts.  the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity.  this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no

Score 0.506
that is why we define the recyclability at the end of the life cycl e of the aircraft components manufactured in the context of this economic activity as a criterion for efficiency.  change in taxonomyeligible business activities compared to the previous year already reported as taxonomyeligible in the previous year newly classified as taxonomyeligible new economic activity according to eu or eu slewing bearings for wind turbines water electrolysis technology oxygendepolarised cathode odc envinox technology steel production slag processing logistics services green chemicals planeo technology biopolymere clean ammonia fertiliser gas scrubbing technology polysius pure oxyfuel polysius activated clay mecaclay steel sleepers ties automotive components aircraft parts and services digital products toii on the basis of the expert assessment in the course of determining taxonomyeligible business activities thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyaligned bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyaligned if they m eet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy dnsh criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to article .  determining taxonomyaligned business activities to determine the taxonomyaligned business activi ties profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delega ted acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  the qualitative and quantitative screening criteria are extracted from the delegated acts and translated into documentation requirements for the segments and entities that perform the activities.  the profiles also include the documentation requirements resulting from the minimum safeguards pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy

Score 0.506
the group reports the results of a disposal group that also qualifies as a separate component of the group as discont inued operations if it represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations.  the group reports the results of discontinued operations in the period in which they occur separately within the consolidated statement of income as discontinu ed operations net of tax.  all prior period consolidated statemen ts of income are adjusted to report the results of the componen t within discontinued operations.  in the consolidated statement of cash flows the cash flows resulting from discontinued operations are presented separately from cash flows resulting from continuing operations prior year presentation has been adjusted accordingly.  on initial classification as held for sale noncurrent assets and disposal groups are recognized at the lower of the carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and depreciation and amortization ceases

Score 0.505
the slag treatment performed in the course of this activity achieves recycling rates that exceed the minimum requirements.  in addition the secondary raw materials obtained can substitute both virgin construction materials and fertilizers.  evidence of this is provided by an analysis of the production and use of slag from iron and steel works by a research institute specializing in construction materials.  fulfillment of the dnsh criteria in the performance of this economic activity was reviewed in accordance with the procedures and verification documents outlined in the specific sections.  dnsh criteria climate change adaptation the dnsh criteria relating to climate change ad aptation require the performance of a climate risk and vulnerability analysis and the assessment and possible implementation of adaptation solutions that can mitigate the climate risks identified

Score 0.504
with the aid of ce rtified environmental management systems we are continuously improving the environmental performance of our sites in order to fulfill our ambitious environmental targets.  throughout the life cycle of our products and processes we raise efficiency in the use of resources and minimize harmful emissions.  we are aware of our ecological and social responsibility.  our binding obligations include both compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and respecting environmentally relevant due diligence obligations.  activities regarded as environmentally relevant are defined in our group regulation

Score 0.503
manufacture of iron and steel thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations contextual information on the key performance indicator related to operating expenditure opex million operating expenditure related to taxonomyaligned business activities operating expenditure as part of a capex plan operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.  . .

Score 0.503
the group reports the assets and liabilities of a disposal group separately in the balance sheet line item assets held for saledisposal and liabilities associated with assets held for saledisposal respectively.  unless a disposal group qualifies for discontinued operations reporting the revenues and expenses of the disposal group remain within continuing operations until th e date of disposal.  the group reports the results of a disposal group that also qualifies as a separate component of the group as discont inued operations if it represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations.  the group reports the results of discontinued operations in the period in which they occur separately within the consolidated statement of income as discontinu ed operations net of tax.  all prior period consolidated statemen ts of income are adjusted to report the results of the componen t within discontinued operations

Score 0.502
the provision for restructurings consists of provisions for empl oyee termination benefits and exit costs which have been establ ished by operating divisions for costs incurred in connection with activities which do not generate any future economic benefits for the group.  restructurings are being carried out in all segments.  the additions to restructuring provisions in the fiscal year in the amoun t of million in total consists of million at automotive technology million at decarbon technologies million at m aterials services million at steel europe and million at service units.  the provision for decommissioning obligations mainly consists of obligations associated with mining activities and recultivatin g landfills.  obligations associated with mining activities and recultivating landfills are generally handled over long periods of time in s ome cases more than years

Score 0.501
manufacturing of aircraft as well as the manufacturing of aircraft the description of the activity includes the manufacturing of parts and equipment for aircraft the provision of related services as well as maintenance repair and overhaul mro to the extent that these can be linked to an eligible aircraft type and improves or maintains the level of efficiency of the aircraft.  the efficiency of the aircraft is an ambiguous legal term because it is not explained in more detail in the delegated act.  for this reason the term is interpreted as all costbenefit relationships that ca n be associated with an aircraft.  that is why we define the recyclability at the end of the life cycl e of the aircraft components manufactured in the context of this economic activity as a criterion for efficiency.  change in taxonomyeligible business activities compared to the previous year already reported as taxonomyeligible in the previous year newly classified as taxonomyeligible new economic activity according to eu or eu slewing bearings for wind turbines water electrolysis technology oxygendepolarised cathode odc envinox technology steel production slag processing logistics services green chemicals planeo technology biopolymere clean ammonia fertiliser gas scrubbing technology polysius pure oxyfuel polysius activated clay mecaclay steel sleepers ties automotive components aircraft parts and services digital products toii on the basis of the expert assessment in the course of determining taxonomyeligible business activities thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyaligned bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyaligned if they m eet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy dnsh criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to article

Score 0.499
we are aware of our ecological and social responsibility.  our binding obligations include both compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and respecting environmentally relevant due diligence obligations.  activities regarded as environmentally relevant are defined in our group regulation.  since fiscal year many environmentally relevant thyssenkrupp group companies within the meaning of this regulation have had an environmental manage ment system certified in accordance with iso .  in the reporting period around of thy ssenkrupp sites in terms of the total workforce had an environmental management system that was implemented and certified in accordance with iso

Score 0.499
unless a disposal group qualifies for discontinued operations reporting the revenues and expenses of the disposal group remain within continuing operations until th e date of disposal.  the group reports the results of a disposal group that also qualifies as a separate component of the group as discont inued operations if it represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations.  the group reports the results of discontinued operations in the period in which they occur separately within the consolidated statement of income as discontinu ed operations net of tax.  all prior period consolidated statemen ts of income are adjusted to report the results of the componen t within discontinued operations.  in the consolidated statement of cash flows the cash flows resulting from discontinued operations are presented separately from cash flows resulting from continuing operations prior year presentation has been adjusted accordingly

Score 0.498
manufacture of renewable energy technologies thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations contextual information on the key performance indicator related to operating expenditure opex million operating expenditure related to taxonomyaligned business activities operating expenditure as part of a capex plan operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.

Score 0.498
this resulted in a reversal of impairments totaling m illion because the fair value less the costs of disposal is higher than the carrying amount.  of this amount million relate to land and bui ldings million to technical machinery and equipment and million to factory and office equipment.  it is reported in the cost of sales in the th quarter of at the same time deferred taxes of million were recognized.  the assets and liabilities that comprised the disposal group as of september are shown in the following table.  the cum ulative other comprehensive income in the equity allocated to the disposal group amounted to million as of september

Score 0.494
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel ccm .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components ccm

Score 0.492
maintenance and repair costs daytoday servicing are expensed as incu rred.  the group recognizes in the carrying amount of an item of property plant and equipment the cost of replacing parts and major inspe ction of such an item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the item will flow to the group and the cost o f the item can be measured reliably.  where fixtures and equipment comprise of significant parts having different useful lives those parts are depreciated separately.  fixtures and equipment are depreciated over the customary useful life using the stra ightline method.  the following useful live s are used as a basis for calculating depreciation useful livesbuildings inclusive of investment properties to yearsbuildings and land improvements to yearstechnical machinery and equipment to yearsfactory and office equipment to years investment property consists of investments in land and buildings that are held to earn rental income or for capital appreciati on rather than for use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes or sale in the ordinary course of business

Score 0.49
taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of operating expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code opex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm

Score 0.49
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of operating expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code opex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm

Score 0.488
the group reports assets and liabilitie s as a disposal group that will be disposed of by sale or otherwise in a single transaction which collectively meet the held for sale cr iteria as specified in ifrs noncurrent assets held for sale and discontinued operations.  the group reports the assets and liabilities of a disposal group separately in the balance sheet line item assets held for saledisposal and liabilities associated with assets held for saledisposal respectively.  unless a disposal group qualifies for discontinued operations reporting the revenues and expenses of the disposal group remain within continuing operations until th e date of disposal.  the group reports the results of a disposal group that also qualifies as a separate component of the group as discont inued operations if it represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations.  the group reports the results of discontinued operations in the period in which they occur separately within the consolidated statement of income as discontinu ed operations net of tax

Score 0.488
in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alig nment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that such risk analyses have been performed and any necessary mitigation measures have been implemented.  such evidence includes for example operating permits preliminary reviews in respect of environmental impact assessments or the environmental impact assessments themselves environmental audits or specific risk analyses in respect of th e requirements described in this section.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy dnsh criteria transition to a circular economy as a rule the dnsh criteria in respect of transition to a circular economy require an assessment of the availability and where feasible adoption of techniques that support the following practices use of secondary raw materials and reused components in manufactured products design for high durability recyclability easy disassembly and adaptability of products waste management that prioritizes recycling over disposal in the manufacturing process information on and traceability of substances of concern in products in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that an asse ssment of the availability of processes in support of the circular economy has been performed or that such practices are already used in the context of this business activity .  such evidence includes for example operating permits compliance audits relating to waste disposal law environmental audits or productspecific documents that provide information about the composition of materials or other properties of the products manufactured in the course this business activity that are relevant to this matter.  dnsh criteria pollution prevention and control the dnsh criteria relating to pollution prevention and control require that economic activities do not lead to the manufacture placing on the market or use of substances or groups of substances whether on their own in mixtures or in articles that are subject to european regulation

Score 0.488
restructurings are being carried out in all segments.  the additions to restructuring provisions in the fiscal year in the amoun t of million in total consists of million at automotive technology million at decarbon technologies million at m aterials services million at steel europe and million at service units.  the provision for decommissioning obligations mainly consists of obligations associated with mining activities and recultivatin g landfills.  obligations associated with mining activities and recultivating landfills are generally handled over long periods of time in s ome cases more than years.  the technical parameters are very complex

Score 0.486
immediately before this a noncurrent asset or disposal group is initially measured in line with the respective ifrs standards to determine the carrying amount which is then compared to the fair value less costs of disposal of the group in order to recognize the group at the lower of both amounts.  impairment losses on initial class ification as held for sale are included in profit or loss as are gains and losses on subsequent remeasuremen t but not in excess of the cum ulative impairment loss.  financial statement classification certain line items on the consolidated statement of financial position and in the consolidated statement of income have been co mbined.  these items are disclosed separately in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  in general the group classifies assets and liabilities as current when they are expected to be realized or settled within twel ve months after the balance sheet date

Score 0.486
.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel yel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.484
in our production plants and during transportation there are processrelated environmental risks relating to air and water pollution.  furthermore some of the groups real estate no longer used for operations is subject to risks from past pollution and mining subsidence.  to minimize risks thyssenkrupp invests continuously and sustainably in environmental protection and scheduled remediation and maintains a close dialog with authorities local communities and political representatives.  we recognize adequate provisions for dealing with past pollution.  further details on production risks in our businesses can be found in the section operational risks of the businesses

Score 0.482
taxonomynoneligible activities sales of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of capital expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code capex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm

Score 0.48
in connection with the divestment process initiated a review of the valuation of the assets in accordance with ias was cond ucted immediately before the firsttime classificati on as a disposal group.  this resulted in a reversal of impairments totaling m illion because the fair value less the costs of disposal is higher than the carrying amount.  of this amount million relate to land and bui ldings million to technical machinery and equipment and million to factory and office equipment.  it is reported in the cost of sales in the th quarter of at the same time deferred taxes of million were recognized.  the assets and liabilities that comprised the disposal group as of september are shown in the following table

Score 0.48
it is not significant that they satisfy the te chnical screening criteria defined there for each economic activity.  by contrast business activities that are not consistent with the description of an economic activity may not be classified as taxonomyeligible.  determining taxonomyeligible business activities in order to determine thyssenkrupps taxonomyeligible business activities the delegated acts issued in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy were analyzed at group level by a team of experts.  those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts.  the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity

Score 0.48
such evidence includes for example operating permits compliance audits relating to waste disposal law environmental audits or productspecific documents that provide information about the composition of materials or other properties of the products manufactured in the course this business activity that are relevant to this matter.  dnsh criteria pollution prevention and control the dnsh criteria relating to pollution prevention and control require that economic activities do not lead to the manufacture placing on the market or use of substances or groups of substances whether on their own in mixtures or in articles that are subject to european regulation.  these include persistent organic pollutants listed in annexes i and ii to regulation eu mercury and mercury compounds or mercury mixtures as defined in article of regulation eu ozonedepleting substances as defined in annexes i and ii to regulation ec no.  hazardous substances in electrical and electron ic appliances as defined annex ii to directive eu chemical substances as defined in annex xvii to regulation ec no.  substances in a concentration of more than

Score 0.479
the group reports the results of discontinued operations in the period in which they occur separately within the consolidated statement of income as discontinu ed operations net of tax.  all prior period consolidated statemen ts of income are adjusted to report the results of the componen t within discontinued operations.  in the consolidated statement of cash flows the cash flows resulting from discontinued operations are presented separately from cash flows resulting from continuing operations prior year presentation has been adjusted accordingly.  on initial classification as held for sale noncurrent assets and disposal groups are recognized at the lower of the carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and depreciation and amortization ceases.  immediately before this a noncurrent asset or disposal group is initially measured in line with the respective ifrs standards to determine the carrying amount which is then compared to the fair value less costs of disposal of the group in order to recognize the group at the lower of both amounts

Score 0.478
the additions to restructuring provisions in the fiscal year in the amoun t of million in total consists of million at automotive technology million at decarbon technologies million at m aterials services million at steel europe and million at service units.  the provision for decommissioning obligations mainly consists of obligations associated with mining activities and recultivatin g landfills.  obligations associated with mining activities and recultivating landfills are generally handled over long periods of time in s ome cases more than years.  the technical parameters are very complex.  as a result uncertainty exists with regard to the timing and concret e amount of t h e e x p e n s e s

Score 0.478
.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y sales of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.478
the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity.  this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no.  economic activity according to the delega ted acts business activity or product segment unit ccm .  manufacture of renewable energy technologies slewing bearings for wind turbines decarbon technologies rothe erde ccm

Score 0.477
the efficiency of the aircraft is an ambiguous legal term because it is not explained in more detail in the delegated act.  for this reason the term is interpreted as all costbenefit relationships that ca n be associated with an aircraft.  that is why we define the recyclability at the end of the life cycl e of the aircraft components manufactured in the context of this economic activity as a criterion for efficiency.  change in taxonomyeligible business activities compared to the previous year already reported as taxonomyeligible in the previous year newly classified as taxonomyeligible new economic activity according to eu or eu slewing bearings for wind turbines water electrolysis technology oxygendepolarised cathode odc envinox technology steel production slag processing logistics services green chemicals planeo technology biopolymere clean ammonia fertiliser gas scrubbing technology polysius pure oxyfuel polysius activated clay mecaclay steel sleepers ties automotive components aircraft parts and services digital products toii on the basis of the expert assessment in the course of determining taxonomyeligible business activities thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyaligned bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyaligned if they m eet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy dnsh criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to article .  determining taxonomyaligned business activities to determine the taxonomyaligned business activi ties profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delega ted acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy

Score 0.475
administrative costs ar e capitalized only if such costs are directly related to production.  maintenance and repair costs daytoday servicing are expensed as incu rred.  the group recognizes in the carrying amount of an item of property plant and equipment the cost of replacing parts and major inspe ction of such an item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the item will flow to the group and the cost o f the item can be measured reliably.  where fixtures and equipment comprise of significant parts having different useful lives those parts are depreciated separately.  fixtures and equipment are depreciated over the customary useful life using the stra ightline method

Score 0.475
taxonomyeligible bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyeligible if they are consistent with the descriptions of the economic activities contained in the delegated acts in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  it is not significant that they satisfy the te chnical screening criteria defined there for each economic activity.  by contrast business activities that are not consistent with the description of an economic activity may not be classified as taxonomyeligible.  determining taxonomyeligible business activities in order to determine thyssenkrupps taxonomyeligible business activities the delegated acts issued in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy were analyzed at group level by a team of experts.  those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts

Score 0.474
determining taxonomyaligned business activities to determine the taxonomyaligned business activi ties profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delega ted acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  the qualitative and quantitative screening criteria are extracted from the delegated acts and translated into documentation requirements for the segments and entities that perform the activities.  the profiles also include the documentation requirements resulting from the minimum safeguards pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy.  the evidence for the business activities that must be considered in the screening procedur e for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year is compiled in accordance with these profiles of requirements.  this process is managed centrally by a team of experts and representatives of the corporate functions

Score 0.474
manufacture of automotive and mobility components ccm .  manufacturing of aircraft ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste ccm .  freight transport services by road ccm .  infrastructure for rail transport ccm

Score 0.473
. permanent items .  . tax consequences of disposal of businesses .

Score 0.473
in addition the secondary raw materials obtained can substitute both virgin construction materials and fertilizers.  evidence of this is provided by an analysis of the production and use of slag from iron and steel works by a research institute specializing in construction materials.  fulfillment of the dnsh criteria in the performance of this economic activity was reviewed in accordance with the procedures and verification documents outlined in the specific sections.  dnsh criteria climate change adaptation the dnsh criteria relating to climate change ad aptation require the performance of a climate risk and vulnerability analysis and the assessment and possible implementation of adaptation solutions that can mitigate the climate risks identified.  in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year the climate risk potential is analyzed for sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of climate scenarios such as representative concentration pathways rcp

Score 0.473
on the basis of the climate risk analyses and vulnerability assessments adaptation solutions to mitigate potential climate risks are assessed on a sitebysite basi s and implemented if necessary.  dnsh criteria sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the dnsh criteria relating to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources require an assessment of the risks relating to water quality and the avoidance of water shortages as well as the elimination of such risks if these have not already been identified and eliminated in the environmental impact assessments pursuant to directive eu.  for operations in third countries risks analyses of this type must be performed in accordance with the applicable national laws or international standards with the proviso that the aspirational level for good quality water resources is comparable to that of the european regulations.  in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alig nment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that such risk analyses have been performed and any necessary mitigation measures have been implemented.  such evidence includes for example operating permits preliminary reviews in respect of environmental impact assessments or the environmental impact assessments themselves environmental audits or specific risk analyses in respect of th e requirements described in this section

Score 0.47
by contrast business activities that are not consistent with the description of an economic activity may not be classified as taxonomyeligible.  determining taxonomyeligible business activities in order to determine thyssenkrupps taxonomyeligible business activities the delegated acts issued in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy were analyzed at group level by a team of experts.  those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts.  the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity.  this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods

Score 0.469
following the firsttime classifi cation as a disposal group the measuremen t of the disposal group at fair value le ss the costs of disposal resulted in impairment losses of million in respect of intangible assets.  the impairment losses were reported in other expenses in the st quarter of .  in the nd quarter of the subsequent measurement of the disposal group at fair value less the costs of disposal resulted in further impairment losses of million which related to intangible assets and were reported in other expenses.  in both quarters the nonrecurring measurement at fair value less the costs of disposal was based on the negot iated purchase price.  the deconsolidation resulted in a loss of million which was disclosed in other gains and losses in the rd quarter of

Score 0.468
economic activity according to the delega ted acts business activity or product segment unit ccm .  manufacture of renewable energy technologies slewing bearings for wind turbines decarbon technologies rothe erde ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen water electrolysis technology decarbon technologies nucera green chemicals decarbon technologies uhde ccm .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies oxygendepolarised cathode odc decarbon technologies nucera envinox technology decarbon technologies uhde planeo technology biopolymers decarbon technologies uhde clean ammonia fertiliser decarbon technologies uhde gas scrubbing technology decarbon technologies uhde polysius pure oxyfuel decarbon technologies polysius polysius activated clay decarbon technologies polysius mecaclay mechanochemical activation decarbon technologies polysius ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel steel production steel europe ccm

Score 0.467
on initial classification as held for sale noncurrent assets and disposal groups are recognized at the lower of the carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and depreciation and amortization ceases.  immediately before this a noncurrent asset or disposal group is initially measured in line with the respective ifrs standards to determine the carrying amount which is then compared to the fair value less costs of disposal of the group in order to recognize the group at the lower of both amounts.  impairment losses on initial class ification as held for sale are included in profit or loss as are gains and losses on subsequent remeasuremen t but not in excess of the cum ulative impairment loss.  financial statement classification certain line items on the consolidated statement of financial position and in the consolidated statement of income have been co mbined.  these items are disclosed separately in the notes to the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.464
permanent items .  . tax consequences of disposal of businesses .  . incomeloss from companies accounted for using the equity method

Score 0.463
those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts.  the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity.  this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no.  economic activity according to the delega ted acts business activity or product segment unit ccm

Score 0.462
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities sales of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of capital expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code capex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm

Score 0.461
this regulation requires all companies with environmentally relevant activities for example because they operate plants that are subject to environmental permits to implement and maintain an environmental management system in accordance with iso .  with the aid of ce rtified environmental management systems we are continuously improving the environmental performance of our sites in order to fulfill our ambitious environmental targets.  throughout the life cycle of our products and processes we raise efficiency in the use of resources and minimize harmful emissions.  we are aware of our ecological and social responsibility.  our binding obligations include both compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and respecting environmentally relevant due diligence obligations

Score 0.461
borrowing costs directly attributable to the production of assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are su bstantially ready for their intended use.  administrative costs ar e capitalized only if such costs are directly related to production.  maintenance and repair costs daytoday servicing are expensed as incu rred.  the group recognizes in the carrying amount of an item of property plant and equipment the cost of replacing parts and major inspe ction of such an item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the item will flow to the group and the cost o f the item can be measured reliably.  where fixtures and equipment comprise of significant parts having different useful lives those parts are depreciated separately

Score 0.46
single assets held for sale disposal groups and discontinued operations a single noncurrent asset is classified as held for sale if its carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale t ransaction rather than through continuing use.  the group reports assets and liabilitie s as a disposal group that will be disposed of by sale or otherwise in a single transaction which collectively meet the held for sale cr iteria as specified in ifrs noncurrent assets held for sale and discontinued operations.  the group reports the assets and liabilities of a disposal group separately in the balance sheet line item assets held for saledisposal and liabilities associated with assets held for saledisposal respectively.  unless a disposal group qualifies for discontinued operations reporting the revenues and expenses of the disposal group remain within continuing operations until th e date of disposal.  the group reports the results of a disposal group that also qualifies as a separate component of the group as discont inued operations if it represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations

Score 0.459
in this connection the actual vulnerability is the likelihood that a site will actually suffer any damage due to climate risks once local conditions have been taken into account.  on the basis of the climate risk analyses and vulnerability assessments adaptation solutions to mitigate potential climate risks are assessed on a sitebysite basi s and implemented if necessary.  dnsh criteria sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the dnsh criteria relating to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources require an assessment of the risks relating to water quality and the avoidance of water shortages as well as the elimination of such risks if these have not already been identified and eliminated in the environmental impact assessments pursuant to directive eu.  for operations in third countries risks analyses of this type must be performed in accordance with the applicable national laws or international standards with the proviso that the aspirational level for good quality water resources is comparable to that of the european regulations.  in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alig nment in a reporting year suitable evidence is obtained for the sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of which it can be established that such risk analyses have been performed and any necessary mitigation measures have been implemented

Score 0.458
evidence of this is provided by an analysis of the production and use of slag from iron and steel works by a research institute specializing in construction materials.  fulfillment of the dnsh criteria in the performance of this economic activity was reviewed in accordance with the procedures and verification documents outlined in the specific sections.  dnsh criteria climate change adaptation the dnsh criteria relating to climate change ad aptation require the performance of a climate risk and vulnerability analysis and the assessment and possible implementation of adaptation solutions that can mitigate the climate risks identified.  in the case of business activities that are considered in the screening procedure for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year the climate risk potential is analyzed for sites of relevance to the performance of these activities on the basis of climate scenarios such as representative concentration pathways rcp.  and rcp

Score 0.457
this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no.  economic activity according to the delega ted acts business activity or product segment unit ccm .  manufacture of renewable energy technologies slewing bearings for wind turbines decarbon technologies rothe erde ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen water electrolysis technology decarbon technologies nucera green chemicals decarbon technologies uhde ccm

Score 0.457
manufacture of automotive and mobility components automotive components automotive technology automotive components decarbon technologies rothe erde automotive components materials services ccm .  manufacturing of aircraft aircraft parts decarbon technologies rothe erde aircraft parts and services materials services aerospace ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste slag processing materials services millservices systems ccm .  freight transport services by road logistics services materials services supply chain services ccm .  infrastructure for rail transport steel sleepers ties materials services schulte ce

Score 0.454
thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy due to unclarified legal terms uncertainty still exists regarding the interpretation of the eu taxonomy and associated delegated acts.  we explain our interpretations of these terms below.  taxonomyeligible bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyeligible if they are consistent with the descriptions of the economic activities contained in the delegated acts in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  it is not significant that they satisfy the te chnical screening criteria defined there for each economic activity.  by contrast business activities that are not consistent with the description of an economic activity may not be classified as taxonomyeligible

Score 0.454
a safetyoriented corporate culture and the extensive occupational health and safety measures implemented by our occupational safety organization are intended to help minimize the accident risks faced by our employees and subcontractors.  in our production plants and during transportation there are processrelated environmental risks relating to air and water pollution.  furthermore some of the groups real estate no longer used for operations is subject to risks from past pollution and mining subsidence.  to minimize risks thyssenkrupp invests continuously and sustainably in environmental protection and scheduled remediation and maintains a close dialog with authorities local communities and political representatives.  we recognize adequate provisions for dealing with past pollution

Score 0.453
in the consolidated statement of cash flows the cash flows resulting from discontinued operations are presented separately from cash flows resulting from continuing operations prior year presentation has been adjusted accordingly.  on initial classification as held for sale noncurrent assets and disposal groups are recognized at the lower of the carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and depreciation and amortization ceases.  immediately before this a noncurrent asset or disposal group is initially measured in line with the respective ifrs standards to determine the carrying amount which is then compared to the fair value less costs of disposal of the group in order to recognize the group at the lower of both amounts.  impairment losses on initial class ification as held for sale are included in profit or loss as are gains and losses on subsequent remeasuremen t but not in excess of the cum ulative impairment loss.  financial statement classification certain line items on the consolidated statement of financial position and in the consolidated statement of income have been co mbined

Score 0.452
material recovery from nonhazardous waste slag processing materials services millservices systems ccm .  freight transport services by road logistics services materials services supply chain services ccm .  infrastructure for rail transport steel sleepers ties materials services schulte ce .  provision of itot datadriven solutions and software digital products decarbon technologies uhde toii materials services materials iot power plant operation by httenwerke krupp mannesmann hkm in the reporting period the power plant operation by httenwerke krupp mannesmann hkm was allocated to its core economic activity ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel due to the direct technical and economic linkage between steel production and the formation of byproducts which are used in this power plant operation rather than reporting it as a separate power plant activity ccm

Score 0.451
y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y sales of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies ccm

Score 0.451
manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen water electrolysis technology decarbon technologies nucera green chemicals decarbon technologies uhde ccm .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies oxygendepolarised cathode odc decarbon technologies nucera envinox technology decarbon technologies uhde planeo technology biopolymers decarbon technologies uhde clean ammonia fertiliser decarbon technologies uhde gas scrubbing technology decarbon technologies uhde polysius pure oxyfuel decarbon technologies polysius polysius activated clay decarbon technologies polysius mecaclay mechanochemical activation decarbon technologies polysius ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel steel production steel europe ccm .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components automotive components automotive technology automotive components decarbon technologies rothe erde automotive components materials services ccm .  manufacturing of aircraft aircraft parts decarbon technologies rothe erde aircraft parts and services materials services aerospace ccm

Score 0.451
throughout the life cycle of our products and processes we raise efficiency in the use of resources and minimize harmful emissions.  we are aware of our ecological and social responsibility.  our binding obligations include both compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and respecting environmentally relevant due diligence obligations.  activities regarded as environmentally relevant are defined in our group regulation.  since fiscal year many environmentally relevant thyssenkrupp group companies within the meaning of this regulation have had an environmental manage ment system certified in accordance with iso