Scores_n_ADMINISTRATIVE AND SUPPORT SERVICE ACTIVITIESScore 0.59
those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts.  the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity.  this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no.  economic activity according to the delega ted acts business activity or product segment unit ccm

Score 0.559
the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity.  this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no.  economic activity according to the delega ted acts business activity or product segment unit ccm .  manufacture of renewable energy technologies slewing bearings for wind turbines decarbon technologies rothe erde ccm

Score 0.538
in addition to operating expenditure for business activities that are already taxonomyaligned th e numerator also includes operating expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible business activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point . . .  of the regulation as well as oper ating expenditure in accordance with annex i point .

Score 0.531
in addition to capital expenditure for business activities that are already taxonomyaligned e. g.  for production machinery or buildings the numerator also includes capital expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible busine ss activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point . .

Score 0.518
we explain our interpretations of these terms below.  taxonomyeligible bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyeligible if they are consistent with the descriptions of the economic activities contained in the delegated acts in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  it is not significant that they satisfy the te chnical screening criteria defined there for each economic activity.  by contrast business activities that are not consistent with the description of an economic activity may not be classified as taxonomyeligible.  determining taxonomyeligible business activities in order to determine thyssenkrupps taxonomyeligible business activities the delegated acts issued in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy were analyzed at group level by a team of experts

Score 0.517
taxonomyeligible bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyeligible if they are consistent with the descriptions of the economic activities contained in the delegated acts in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  it is not significant that they satisfy the te chnical screening criteria defined there for each economic activity.  by contrast business activities that are not consistent with the description of an economic activity may not be classified as taxonomyeligible.  determining taxonomyeligible business activities in order to determine thyssenkrupps taxonomyeligible business activities the delegated acts issued in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy were analyzed at group level by a team of experts.  those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts

Score 0.515
by contrast business activities that are not consistent with the description of an economic activity may not be classified as taxonomyeligible.  determining taxonomyeligible business activities in order to determine thyssenkrupps taxonomyeligible business activities the delegated acts issued in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy were analyzed at group level by a team of experts.  those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts.  the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity.  this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods

Score 0.512
it is not significant that they satisfy the te chnical screening criteria defined there for each economic activity.  by contrast business activities that are not consistent with the description of an economic activity may not be classified as taxonomyeligible.  determining taxonomyeligible business activities in order to determine thyssenkrupps taxonomyeligible business activities the delegated acts issued in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy were analyzed at group level by a team of experts.  those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts.  the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity

Score 0.512
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of operating expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code opex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm

Score 0.511
sales of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities sales of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of capital expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code capex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a

Score 0.51
turnoverbased technical screening criteria turnover is the main parameter used as the basis for technical screening criteria for assessing the taxonomy alignment of business activities.  this applies analogously to capital and operating expenditures associated with these business activities irrespective of their intended purpose.  for example on the basis of their intended purpose capital expe nditures for a business activity could potentially be allocated to a different economic activity listed in the delegated acts which in turn could involve different screening criteria.  this is ruled out by ap plying the principle that turnover has the priority.  in the case of business activities allocated to a research and developmentrelated economic activity on the basis of turnover the technical screening criteria are derived from capital and operating expenditure

Score 0.505
determining taxonomyaligned business activities to determine the taxonomyaligned business activi ties profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delega ted acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  the qualitative and quantitative screening criteria are extracted from the delegated acts and translated into documentation requirements for the segments and entities that perform the activities.  the profiles also include the documentation requirements resulting from the minimum safeguards pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy.  the evidence for the business activities that must be considered in the screening procedur e for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year is compiled in accordance with these profiles of requirements.  this process is managed centrally by a team of experts and representatives of the corporate functions

Score 0.501
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities sales of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of capital expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code capex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm

Score 0.499
change in taxonomyeligible business activities compared to the previous year already reported as taxonomyeligible in the previous year newly classified as taxonomyeligible new economic activity according to eu or eu slewing bearings for wind turbines water electrolysis technology oxygendepolarised cathode odc envinox technology steel production slag processing logistics services green chemicals planeo technology biopolymere clean ammonia fertiliser gas scrubbing technology polysius pure oxyfuel polysius activated clay mecaclay steel sleepers ties automotive components aircraft parts and services digital products toii on the basis of the expert assessment in the course of determining taxonomyeligible business activities thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyaligned bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyaligned if they m eet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy dnsh criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to article .  determining taxonomyaligned business activities to determine the taxonomyaligned business activi ties profiles of the requirements are created for each economic activity on the basis of the delega ted acts adopted for the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  the qualitative and quantitative screening criteria are extracted from the delegated acts and translated into documentation requirements for the segments and entities that perform the activities.  the profiles also include the documentation requirements resulting from the minimum safeguards pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy.  the evidence for the business activities that must be considered in the screening procedur e for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year is compiled in accordance with these profiles of requirements

Score 0.495
manufacture of iron and steel thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations contextual information on the key performance indicator related to operating expenditure opex million operating expenditure related to taxonomyaligned business activities operating expenditure as part of a capex plan operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.  . .

Score 0.495
in the first case it must be sa tisfied by turnover associated with a business activity and in the second case either by turnover as sociated with a business activity or by capital expenditure or operating expenditure for this activity.  turnoverbased technical screening criteria turnover is the main parameter used as the basis for technical screening criteria for assessing the taxonomy alignment of business activities.  this applies analogously to capital and operating expenditures associated with these business activities irrespective of their intended purpose.  for example on the basis of their intended purpose capital expe nditures for a business activity could potentially be allocated to a different economic activity listed in the delegated acts which in turn could involve different screening criteria.  this is ruled out by ap plying the principle that turnover has the priority

Score 0.494
opex of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy nuclear and fossil gas related activities row nuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies

Score 0.491
a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities sales of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of capital expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code capex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a.

Score 0.488
a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of operating expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code opex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a.

Score 0.487
if a business activity is allocated to a research and developmentrelated economic activity this must either generate external turnover or be associated with a capital expenditure capex andor operating expenditure opex.  a materiality threshold of million applies in both cases.  in the first case it must be sa tisfied by turnover associated with a business activity and in the second case either by turnover as sociated with a business activity or by capital expenditure or operating expenditure for this activity.  turnoverbased technical screening criteria turnover is the main parameter used as the basis for technical screening criteria for assessing the taxonomy alignment of business activities.  this applies analogously to capital and operating expenditures associated with these business activities irrespective of their intended purpose

Score 0.484
determining taxonomyeligible business activities in order to determine thyssenkrupps taxonomyeligible business activities the delegated acts issued in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy were analyzed at group level by a team of experts.  those group business activities that are consistent with the description of an economic activity are assigned to the economic activities listed in the delegated acts.  the resulting list of potential taxonomyeligible business activities is then assessed and finalized by experts from the segments and operating entities that perform the re spective activity.  this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no

Score 0.482
a materiality threshold of million applies in both cases.  in the first case it must be sa tisfied by turnover associated with a business activity and in the second case either by turnover as sociated with a business activity or by capital expenditure or operating expenditure for this activity.  turnoverbased technical screening criteria turnover is the main parameter used as the basis for technical screening criteria for assessing the taxonomy alignment of business activities.  this applies analogously to capital and operating expenditures associated with these business activities irrespective of their intended purpose.  for example on the basis of their intended purpose capital expe nditures for a business activity could potentially be allocated to a different economic activity listed in the delegated acts which in turn could involve different screening criteria

Score 0.482
taxonomynoneligible activities sales of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of capital expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code capex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm

Score 0.476
manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations contextual information on the key performance indicator related to operating expenditure opex million operating expenditure related to taxonomyaligned business activities operating expenditure as part of a capex plan operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.  .

Score 0.476
provision of itot datadriven solutions and software ce .  sales of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned a.  sales of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b

Score 0.471
this applies analogously to capital and operating expenditures associated with these business activities irrespective of their intended purpose.  for example on the basis of their intended purpose capital expe nditures for a business activity could potentially be allocated to a different economic activity listed in the delegated acts which in turn could involve different screening criteria.  this is ruled out by ap plying the principle that turnover has the priority.  in the case of business activities allocated to a research and developmentrelated economic activity on the basis of turnover the technical screening criteria are derived from capital and operating expenditure.  reporting units that are not fully consolidated or not included in the consolidated financial statements on a pro rata basis the business activities of units that are not fully consolidated or not included in the consolidated financial statements of thyssenkrupp on a pro rata basis are excluded from eu taxonomy reporting

Score 0.471
taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of operating expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code opex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm

Score 0.47
g.  for production machinery or buildings the numerator also includes capital expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible busine ss activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point . . .  of the regulation as well as capital expenditure in accordance with annex i point

Score 0.469
material recovery from nonhazardous waste thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations contextual information on the key performance indicator related to operating expenditure opex million operating expenditure related to taxonomyaligned business activities operating expenditure as part of a capex plan operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.  . . .

Score 0.467
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy nuclear and fossil gas related activities row nuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades.  no row fossil gas related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to constr uction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels

Score 0.466
key data on eu taxonomy million sales in capex in opex in sales in capex in opex in thyssenkrupp total taxonomyeligible thereof taxonomyaligned thereof not taxonomyaligned taxonomynoneligible of thyssenkrupps sales are taxonomyeligible and are achieved with business activities and products that can make a substantial contribution to achieving the european unions environmental objectives.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy due to unclarified legal terms uncertainty still exists regarding the interpretation of the eu taxonomy and associated delegated acts.  we explain our interpretations of these terms below.  taxonomyeligible bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyeligible if they are consistent with the descriptions of the economic activities contained in the delegated acts in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  it is not significant that they satisfy the te chnical screening criteria defined there for each economic activity

Score 0.465
c total capital expenditure opex a operating expenditure on taxonomyaligned activities b operating expenditure that is part of a capex plan c operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.  . . .

Score 0.464
. . .  lit.  c total capital expenditure opex a operating expenditure on taxonomyaligned activities b operating expenditure that is part of a capex plan c operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no

Score 0.464
thereof enabling activities thereof transitional activities a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel ccm

Score 0.464
the proportion of this amount that is taxonomyaligned is determined in accordance with the eu taxonomy taking into account the technical screening criteria and compliance with the minimum safeguards.  in accordance with the delegated act this amount forms the numerator in the calculation of the opex kpi.  in addition to operating expenditure for business activities that are already taxonomyaligned th e numerator also includes operating expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible business activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point . .

Score 0.462
this process also validates the conditions for the taxonomy eligibility of business activities that were already reported as taxonomyeligible in previous reporting periods.  in fiscal year the following business activities of thyssenkrupp were reported as taxonomyeligible thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyeligible business activities of thyssenkrupp code no.  economic activity according to the delega ted acts business activity or product segment unit ccm .  manufacture of renewable energy technologies slewing bearings for wind turbines decarbon technologies rothe erde ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen water electrolysis technology decarbon technologies nucera green chemicals decarbon technologies uhde ccm

Score 0.46
capex of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of operating expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code opex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a

Score 0.46
sales of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned a.  sales of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities sales of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of capital expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code capex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a

Score 0.46
a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy nuclear and fossil gas related activities row nuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades

Score 0.459
transactions with these related parties result in gene ral from the delivery and service relations in the ordinary cou rse of business the extent of the business relations is presented in the following table related party transactions sales supplies and services receivables total liabilities million year endedsept.  year endedsept.  year ended sept.  year endedsept.  sept

Score 0.457
in the case of business activities allocated to a research and developmentrelated economic activity on the basis of turnover the technical screening criteria are derived from capital and operating expenditure.  reporting units that are not fully consolidated or not included in the consolidated financial statements on a pro rata basis the business activities of units that are not fully consolidated or not included in the consolidated financial statements of thyssenkrupp on a pro rata basis are excluded from eu taxonomy reporting.  this concerns for example joint ventures and associated companies accounted for using the equity method.  calculation of taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned turnover capex and opex the taxonomyeligible turnover capex and opex of thyssenkrupp cover the parameters and their individual items explained at the start of this section which during a reporting period are assigned to the groups taxonomyeligible business activities directly or using the allocation mechanisms described.  likewise the taxonomyaligned turnover capex and opex cover the parameters and their individual items which during a reporting period are assigned to the groups taxonomyaligned business activities directly or indirectly

Score 0.456
proportion of sales from products or services associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code sales share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a.  taxonomyeligible activities million y n nel yn yn e t a. .  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned manufacture of renewable energy technologies ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y y y y y y e manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen ccm

Score 0.455
taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy nuclear and fossil gas related activities row nuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades.  no row fossil gas related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to constr uction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.  no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of combined heatcool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels

Score 0.455
manufacture of renewable energy technologies thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  manufacture of iron and steel thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations ccm .  material recovery from nonhazardous waste thereof additions related to taxonomyaligned business activities thereof additions as part of a capex plan thereof additions due to business combinations contextual information on the key performance indicator related to operating expenditure opex million operating expenditure related to taxonomyaligned business activities operating expenditure as part of a capex plan operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.

Score 0.454
note on highlighting an issue immanent risk due to uncertainties regarding the legal conformity of the interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation we refer to the explanations provided by the management in the section eu taxonomy of the combined nonfinancial statement of the company and the group integrated into the combined management report pursuant to sections b c hgb and sections b c hgb.  this section describes that the eu taxonomy regulation and its related delegated acts contain formulations and terms that are s till subject to significant interpretative uncertainties for which clarifications have not yet been published in every case.  the legal repr esentatives explain how they have made the necessary interpretations of the eu taxonomy regulation and its related delegated acts.  due to t he inherent risk that undefined legal terms may be interpreted differently the compliance of the interpretations with legal requi rements is subject to uncertainties.  our audit opinion on the combined management report is not modified in this regard

Score 0.453
c.  performance in respect of the eu taxonomy in fiscal year the turnover generated by taxonomyeligible economic activities amounted to million which was of the groups total turnover.  this increase by percentage points resulted mainly from the firsttime classification of the economic activities manufacture of automotive and mobility components and manufacturing of aircraft as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year it was offset primarily by declines in turnover in the steel business.  taxonomyeligible capex of million in the reporting year accounted for of total capital expenditure which was percentage points higher than in the prior year.  taxonomyeligible opex in the reporting year amounted to million which was of total operating expenditure and percentage points higher than in the prior year

Score 0.453
lit.  c total capital expenditure opex a operating expenditure on taxonomyaligned activities b operating expenditure that is part of a capex plan c operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.  . .

Score 0.452
e.  employees with the potential for more senior specialist and leadership roles.  we aim to develop the potential of these employees and give them more challenging roles.  the main responsibility for this lies with the businesses.  intensive sharing of best practices and various networking formats within the personnel development community enable us to leverage synergies and secure the high standard of the programs

Score 0.452
this amount is included in the numerator of the capex kpi.  in addition to capital expenditure for business activities that are already taxonomyaligned e. g.  for production machinery or buildings the numerator also includes capital expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible busine ss activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point .

Score 0.451
this process is managed centrally by a team of experts and representatives of the corporate functions.  it is then implemented in cooperation with the thyssenkrupp segments and operating entities that perform the activities.  below is a list of the profiles of requirements for the business activities that were screened for their taxonomy alignment in the reporting period with a positive outcome.  it explains the specific screening criteria for each economic activity i. e

Score 0.448
for example on the basis of their intended purpose capital expe nditures for a business activity could potentially be allocated to a different economic activity listed in the delegated acts which in turn could involve different screening criteria.  this is ruled out by ap plying the principle that turnover has the priority.  in the case of business activities allocated to a research and developmentrelated economic activity on the basis of turnover the technical screening criteria are derived from capital and operating expenditure.  reporting units that are not fully consolidated or not included in the consolidated financial statements on a pro rata basis the business activities of units that are not fully consolidated or not included in the consolidated financial statements of thyssenkrupp on a pro rata basis are excluded from eu taxonomy reporting.  this concerns for example joint ventures and associated companies accounted for using the equity method

Score 0.447
in accordance with the delegated act this amount forms the numerator in the calculation of the opex kpi.  in addition to operating expenditure for business activities that are already taxonomyaligned th e numerator also includes operating expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible business activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point . . .  of the regulation as well as oper ating expenditure in accordance with annex i point

Score 0.446
there are no significant d elivery and service relations.  in the and fiscal years the group has business relations wi th nonconsolidated subsidia ries associates and joint ventures.  transactions with these related parties result in gene ral from the delivery and service relations in the ordinary cou rse of business the extent of the business relations is presented in the following table related party transactions sales supplies and services receivables total liabilities million year endedsept.  year endedsept.  year ended sept

Score 0.445
materiality for reporting purposes the condition for including taxonomyeligible business activities in eu taxonomy reporting is that external turnover is generated by a business activity that is consistent with the description of an economic activity in accordance with the delegated acts.  if a business activity is allocated to a research and developmentrelated economic activity this must either generate external turnover or be associated with a capital expenditure capex andor operating expenditure opex.  a materiality threshold of million applies in both cases.  in the first case it must be sa tisfied by turnover associated with a business activity and in the second case either by turnover as sociated with a business activity or by capital expenditure or operating expenditure for this activity.  turnoverbased technical screening criteria turnover is the main parameter used as the basis for technical screening criteria for assessing the taxonomy alignment of business activities

Score 0.445
this decision was also taken based on the immateriality of the underlying amounts.  ccm .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components the activity description refers to the manufacture of automotive components for vehicle categories m n and l in accordance with the eu classification which according to the delegated act meet the criteria set out in this section and which are essential for delivering and improving the environmental performance of the vehicle.  however assessing the taxonomy eligibility using technical screening criteria contradicts co mmission notice c no.  which states that an economic activity is eligible irrespective of whether it meets the technical screening criteria laid down in the delegated acts

Score 0.444
therefore the assets and liabilities relating to thes e activities have to be presented separately in the statement of financial position as of september .  the business performance is presented by segment.  the gcgc contains recommendations for disclosure s on the internal control and risk management system that go beyond the statutory requirements for the management report and are therefore outside the scope of the audit of the content of the management report performed by the auditor.  in this report they are assigned to the content of the co rporate governance statement moreover they are contained in separate paragraphs to set them apart from the disclosures to be audited and flagged accordingly.  the links are not part of the management report or the audit

Score 0.444
these activities met the criteria set forth in ifrs for recognition as a disposal group for the first time in the th quarter of .  therefore the assets and liabilities relating to thes e activities have to be presented separately in the statement of financial position as of september .  the business performance is presented by segment.  the gcgc contains recommendations for disclosure s on the internal control and risk management system that go beyond the statutory requirements for the management report and are therefore outside the scope of the audit of the content of the management report performed by the auditor.  in this report they are assigned to the content of the co rporate governance statement moreover they are contained in separate paragraphs to set them apart from the disclosures to be audited and flagged accordingly

Score 0.443
i n addition in accordance with article point f of the eu audit regulati on we declare that we have not provided nonaudit services pr ohibited under article of the eu audi t regulation.  we believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report. note on highlighting an issue immanent risk due to uncertainties regarding the legal conformity of the interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation we refer to the explanations provided by the management in the section eu taxonomy of the combined nonfinancial statement of the company and the group integrated into the combined management report pursuant to sections b c hgb and sections b c hgb.  this section describes that the eu taxonomy regulation and its related delegated acts contain formulations and terms that are s till subject to significant interpretative uncertainties for which clarifications have not yet been published in every case.  the legal repr esentatives explain how they have made the necessary interpretations of the eu taxonomy regulation and its related delegated acts

Score 0.441
performance in respect of the eu taxonomy in fiscal year the turnover generated by taxonomyeligible economic activities amounted to million which was of the groups total turnover.  this increase by percentage points resulted mainly from the firsttime classification of the economic activities manufacture of automotive and mobility components and manufacturing of aircraft as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year it was offset primarily by declines in turnover in the steel business.  taxonomyeligible capex of million in the reporting year accounted for of total capital expenditure which was percentage points higher than in the prior year.  taxonomyeligible opex in the reporting year amounted to million which was of total operating expenditure and percentage points higher than in the prior year.  the increases in taxonomyeligible capex and opex resulted mainly from the firsttime classification of the economic activity manufacture of automotive and mobility components as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year

Score 0.441
provision of itot datadriven solutions and software ce .  opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b

Score 0.44
special items most of the special items in the past fiscal year related to asset impairment losses at european companies.  other expenses were in connection with restructuring and the sale of two companies.  investments in line with its targets materials services invested particularly in north american growth projects and inaugurated a new service center each in mexico an d the usa in the past fiscal year.  furthermore at established sites in north america and europe our segment invested in processing equipment to increase vertical integration.  in connection with the extension of the contracts with major customers in the supply chain business further investment was made in modernizing machinery and warehouse equipment

Score 0.44
opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy nuclear and fossil gas related activities row nuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle

Score 0.439
in the and fiscal years the group has business relations wi th nonconsolidated subsidia ries associates and joint ventures.  transactions with these related parties result in gene ral from the delivery and service relations in the ordinary cou rse of business the extent of the business relations is presented in the following table related party transactions sales supplies and services receivables total liabilities million year endedsept.  year endedsept.  year ended sept.  year endedsept

Score 0.438
in the case of business activities assigned to an economic activity as defined in delegated regulation eu or eu reporting is restricted to taxonomyeligible and taxonomynoneligible turnover capex and opex.  at thyssenkrupp this concerns disclosures in connection with the manufacture of automotive and mobility components and aircraft as well as all business activities that can be assigned to nonclimaterelated environmental objectives.  key data on eu taxonomy million sales in capex in opex in sales in capex in opex in thyssenkrupp total taxonomyeligible thereof taxonomyaligned thereof not taxonomyaligned taxonomynoneligible of thyssenkrupps sales are taxonomyeligible and are achieved with business activities and products that can make a substantial contribution to achieving the european unions environmental objectives.  thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy due to unclarified legal terms uncertainty still exists regarding the interpretation of the eu taxonomy and associated delegated acts.  we explain our interpretations of these terms below

Score 0.436
. .  lit.  c total thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy capex plan to expand taxonomy alignment a capex plan in accordance with delegated regulation eu exists if its objective is to expand the taxonomy alignment of the thyssenkrupp group.  this can be achieved by enabling taxonomyeligible business activities to become taxonomyaligned or by expanding business activities that are already taxonomyaligned

Score 0.436
wherever necessary we cons istently implement restructuring measures.  with the rampup of the second phase the aforementioned areas of action will be dissolved from a central perspective.  the transformation office will closely monitor the businesses individual projects and provide support if necessary.  the businesses remain responsible for the implementation of the ongoing development measures and their success.  for further details on the status of the individual measures in each segment please refer to the resp ective subsections in the report on the economic position

Score 0.435
for production machinery or buildings the numerator also includes capital expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible busine ss activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point . . .  of the regulation as well as capital expenditure in accordance with annex i point .

Score 0.435
the proportions of this amount that are taxonomyaligned in accordance with the eu taxonomy are determined taking into account the technical screening criteria and compliance with the minimum safeguards.  this amount is included in the numerator of the capex kpi.  in addition to capital expenditure for business activities that are already taxonomyaligned e. g.  for production machinery or buildings the numerator also includes capital expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible busine ss activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point

Score 0.434
the group reports the results of discontinued operations in the period in which they occur separately within the consolidated statement of income as discontinu ed operations net of tax.  all prior period consolidated statemen ts of income are adjusted to report the results of the componen t within discontinued operations.  in the consolidated statement of cash flows the cash flows resulting from discontinued operations are presented separately from cash flows resulting from continuing operations prior year presentation has been adjusted accordingly.  on initial classification as held for sale noncurrent assets and disposal groups are recognized at the lower of the carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and depreciation and amortization ceases.  immediately before this a noncurrent asset or disposal group is initially measured in line with the respective ifrs standards to determine the carrying amount which is then compared to the fair value less costs of disposal of the group in order to recognize the group at the lower of both amounts

Score 0.434
manufacturing of aircraft as well as the manufacturing of aircraft the description of the activity includes the manufacturing of parts and equipment for aircraft the provision of related services as well as maintenance repair and overhaul mro to the extent that these can be linked to an eligible aircraft type and improves or maintains the level of efficiency of the aircraft.  the efficiency of the aircraft is an ambiguous legal term because it is not explained in more detail in the delegated act.  for this reason the term is interpreted as all costbenefit relationships that ca n be associated with an aircraft.  that is why we define the recyclability at the end of the life cycl e of the aircraft components manufactured in the context of this economic activity as a criterion for efficiency.  change in taxonomyeligible business activities compared to the previous year already reported as taxonomyeligible in the previous year newly classified as taxonomyeligible new economic activity according to eu or eu slewing bearings for wind turbines water electrolysis technology oxygendepolarised cathode odc envinox technology steel production slag processing logistics services green chemicals planeo technology biopolymere clean ammonia fertiliser gas scrubbing technology polysius pure oxyfuel polysius activated clay mecaclay steel sleepers ties automotive components aircraft parts and services digital products toii on the basis of the expert assessment in the course of determining taxonomyeligible business activities thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy taxonomyaligned bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyaligned if they m eet the technical screening criteria specified in the delegated acts and therefore make a substantial contribution to achieving one or more of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy do no significant harm to one or more environmental objectives pursuant to article of the eu taxonomy dnsh criteria and also meet the minimum social safeguards pursuant to article

Score 0.434
provision of itot datadriven solutions and software ce .  capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned a.  capex of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b

Score 0.434
.  of delegated regulation eu double counting of avoidance of double counting through the clear allocation of amounts or the use of appropriate allocation criteria thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy amounts that contribute to several environmental ob jective is ruled out by directly allocating the amounts in calculations to just one environmental objective of the eu taxonomy.  other methodologic al principles the disclosures for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure for the reporting year do not include data for business activiti es that were reclassified as taxonomyeligible or allocated to the new economic activities pursuant to delegated regulation eu or delegated regulation eu .  materiality for reporting purposes the condition for including taxonomyeligible business activities in eu taxonomy reporting is that external turnover is generated by a business activity that is consistent with the description of an economic activity in accordance with the delegated acts.  if a business activity is allocated to a research and developmentrelated economic activity this must either generate external turnover or be associated with a capital expenditure capex andor operating expenditure opex

Score 0.433
. .  c.  performance in respect of the eu taxonomy in fiscal year the turnover generated by taxonomyeligible economic activities amounted to million which was of the groups total turnover.  this increase by percentage points resulted mainly from the firsttime classification of the economic activities manufacture of automotive and mobility components and manufacturing of aircraft as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year it was offset primarily by declines in turnover in the steel business

Score 0.433
.  lit.  c total capital expenditure opex a operating expenditure on taxonomyaligned activities b operating expenditure that is part of a capex plan c operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.  .

Score 0.433
other methodologic al principles the disclosures for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure for the reporting year do not include data for business activiti es that were reclassified as taxonomyeligible or allocated to the new economic activities pursuant to delegated regulation eu or delegated regulation eu .  materiality for reporting purposes the condition for including taxonomyeligible business activities in eu taxonomy reporting is that external turnover is generated by a business activity that is consistent with the description of an economic activity in accordance with the delegated acts.  if a business activity is allocated to a research and developmentrelated economic activity this must either generate external turnover or be associated with a capital expenditure capex andor operating expenditure opex.  a materiality threshold of million applies in both cases.  in the first case it must be sa tisfied by turnover associated with a business activity and in the second case either by turnover as sociated with a business activity or by capital expenditure or operating expenditure for this activity

Score 0.431
in the second phase in order to provide longterm support for the performance targets of the individual businesses we are focusing more on structural topics.  as part of this process the businesses are defining individual measures for further increasing their ef ficiency and optimizing their respective business models or adapting them to changing markets.  wherever necessary we cons istently implement restructuring measures.  with the rampup of the second phase the aforementioned areas of action will be dissolved from a central perspective.  the transformation office will closely monitor the businesses individual projects and provide support if necessary

Score 0.431
the measures included the renego tiation of contracts with major customers the reduction of freight and energy costs and further site closures and restructuring measures.  special items most of the special items in the past fiscal year related to asset impairment losses at european companies.  other expenses were in connection with restructuring and the sale of two companies.  investments in line with its targets materials services invested particularly in north american growth projects and inaugurated a new service center each in mexico an d the usa in the past fiscal year.  furthermore at established sites in north america and europe our segment invested in processing equipment to increase vertical integration

Score 0.43
permanent items .  . tax consequences of disposal of businesses .  . incomeloss from companies accounted for using the equity method

Score 0.43
immediately before this a noncurrent asset or disposal group is initially measured in line with the respective ifrs standards to determine the carrying amount which is then compared to the fair value less costs of disposal of the group in order to recognize the group at the lower of both amounts.  impairment losses on initial class ification as held for sale are included in profit or loss as are gains and losses on subsequent remeasuremen t but not in excess of the cum ulative impairment loss.  financial statement classification certain line items on the consolidated statement of financial position and in the consolidated statement of income have been co mbined.  these items are disclosed separately in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  in general the group classifies assets and liabilities as current when they are expected to be realized or settled within twel ve months after the balance sheet date

Score 0.43
.  c.  performance in respect of the eu taxonomy in fiscal year the turnover generated by taxonomyeligible economic activities amounted to million which was of the groups total turnover.  this increase by percentage points resulted mainly from the firsttime classification of the economic activities manufacture of automotive and mobility components and manufacturing of aircraft as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year it was offset primarily by declines in turnover in the steel business.  taxonomyeligible capex of million in the reporting year accounted for of total capital expenditure which was percentage points higher than in the prior year

Score 0.428
capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned a.  capex of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities b total a b thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy proportion of operating expendit ure associated with taxonomyaligned economic activities disclosure covering fiscal year substantial contribution criteria dnsh criteria economic activities code opex share ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ccm cca wtr ppc ce bio ms n category a

Score 0.426
on initial classification as held for sale noncurrent assets and disposal groups are recognized at the lower of the carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and depreciation and amortization ceases.  immediately before this a noncurrent asset or disposal group is initially measured in line with the respective ifrs standards to determine the carrying amount which is then compared to the fair value less costs of disposal of the group in order to recognize the group at the lower of both amounts.  impairment losses on initial class ification as held for sale are included in profit or loss as are gains and losses on subsequent remeasuremen t but not in excess of the cum ulative impairment loss.  financial statement classification certain line items on the consolidated statement of financial position and in the consolidated statement of income have been co mbined.  these items are disclosed separately in the notes to the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.425
this increase by percentage points resulted mainly from the firsttime classification of the economic activities manufacture of automotive and mobility components and manufacturing of aircraft as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year it was offset primarily by declines in turnover in the steel business.  taxonomyeligible capex of million in the reporting year accounted for of total capital expenditure which was percentage points higher than in the prior year.  taxonomyeligible opex in the reporting year amounted to million which was of total operating expenditure and percentage points higher than in the prior year.  the increases in taxonomyeligible capex and opex resulted mainly from the firsttime classification of the economic activity manufacture of automotive and mobility components as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year.

Score 0.425
in the consolidated statement of cash flows the cash flows resulting from discontinued operations are presented separately from cash flows resulting from continuing operations prior year presentation has been adjusted accordingly.  on initial classification as held for sale noncurrent assets and disposal groups are recognized at the lower of the carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and depreciation and amortization ceases.  immediately before this a noncurrent asset or disposal group is initially measured in line with the respective ifrs standards to determine the carrying amount which is then compared to the fair value less costs of disposal of the group in order to recognize the group at the lower of both amounts.  impairment losses on initial class ification as held for sale are included in profit or loss as are gains and losses on subsequent remeasuremen t but not in excess of the cum ulative impairment loss.  financial statement classification certain line items on the consolidated statement of financial position and in the consolidated statement of income have been co mbined

Score 0.424
to calculate the parameters within the meaning of the eu taxonomy an expert team of representatives from the corporate functions and business areas analyzes recording processes and posting accounts.  this information is initially compiled at business level and then aggregated and validated at group level.  sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure according to eu taxonomy sales revenue from contracts with customers ifrs revenue from leases ifrs capex additions to property plant and equipment ias additions to investment property ias additions to intangible assets ias additions to rightofuse assets from leases ifrs excluding amortisation and revaluations including those from reversals of impairment losses and impairments additions to abovementioned assets due to business combinations opex research and development costs expenses for shortterm or low value leases expenses for building renovations and maintenance and repair measures for property plant and equipment this also applies to addition as defined by ias ias and ias avoidance of double counting double counting of amounts is avoided when calculating kpis across several economic activities in accordance with annex i point . .

Score 0.424
administrative costs ar e capitalized only if such costs are directly related to production.  maintenance and repair costs daytoday servicing are expensed as incu rred.  the group recognizes in the carrying amount of an item of property plant and equipment the cost of replacing parts and major inspe ction of such an item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the item will flow to the group and the cost o f the item can be measured reliably.  where fixtures and equipment comprise of significant parts having different useful lives those parts are depreciated separately.  fixtures and equipment are depreciated over the customary useful life using the stra ightline method

Score 0.424
. .  lit.  c total capital expenditure opex a operating expenditure on taxonomyaligned activities b operating expenditure that is part of a capex plan c operating expenditure in accordance with eu annex i no.

Score 0.423
financial statement classification certain line items on the consolidated statement of financial position and in the consolidated statement of income have been co mbined.  these items are disclosed separately in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  in general the group classifies assets and liabilities as current when they are expected to be realized or settled within twel ve months after the balance sheet date.  group companies that have operating cycles longer than twelve months classify assets and liabilities as current if they are expected to be realized within the companys normal operating cycle.  discretionary decisions estimates and judgments the preparation of the group financial statements requires management to make discretionary decisions judgements estimates an d assumptions that affect the application of policies in the group and reported amounts of assets and liabilities income and exp enses

Score 0.422
of the regulation as well as oper ating expenditure in accordance with annex i point . . .  c.  performance in respect of the eu taxonomy in fiscal year the turnover generated by taxonomyeligible economic activities amounted to million which was of the groups total turnover

Score 0.422
by contrast the services business is mostly robust.  in the plant engineering business risks in connection with the execution of longterm and technically complex orders are countered by professional and resultoriented project management based on standardized processes which may include advice from external consultants the increased use of project management measures and the leveraging of our experience from past projects.  technological risks are associated in particular with a smal l proportion of first of their kind contracts.  materials services the global materials and service business of materials services is exposed to cyclical swings in demand and prices on the procurement and sales sides.  this influences the segments earnings situation and net working capital

Score 0.42
infrastructure for rail transport ccm .  provision of itot datadriven solutions and software ce .  sales of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned a.  sales of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a

Score 0.42
it is then implemented in cooperation with the thyssenkrupp segments and operating entities that perform the activities.  below is a list of the profiles of requirements for the business activities that were screened for their taxonomy alignment in the reporting period with a positive outcome.  it explains the specific screening criteria for each economic activity i. e.  the criteria for making a substantial contribution to at least one environmental objective of the eu taxonomy and special dnsh criteria

Score 0.42
the group reports assets and liabilitie s as a disposal group that will be disposed of by sale or otherwise in a single transaction which collectively meet the held for sale cr iteria as specified in ifrs noncurrent assets held for sale and discontinued operations.  the group reports the assets and liabilities of a disposal group separately in the balance sheet line item assets held for saledisposal and liabilities associated with assets held for saledisposal respectively.  unless a disposal group qualifies for discontinued operations reporting the revenues and expenses of the disposal group remain within continuing operations until th e date of disposal.  the group reports the results of a disposal group that also qualifies as a separate component of the group as discont inued operations if it represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations.  the group reports the results of discontinued operations in the period in which they occur separately within the consolidated statement of income as discontinu ed operations net of tax

Score 0.42
the evidence for the business activities that must be considered in the screening procedur e for taxonomy alignment in a reporting year is compiled in accordance with these profiles of requirements.  this process is managed centrally by a team of experts and representatives of the corporate functions.  it is then implemented in cooperation with the thyssenkrupp segments and operating entities that perform the activities.  below is a list of the profiles of requirements for the business activities that were screened for their taxonomy alignment in the reporting period with a positive outcome.  it explains the specific screening criteria for each economic activity i

Score 0.418
allocation of s egment assets and capital expenditures is based on the location of the assets.  capital expenditures are presented in line with the definition of the cash flow statement.  there are no individual customers that ge nerate sales values that are material to the groups consolidated net sales.  external sales by region million germany usa china other countries groupexternal sales location of customer year ended sept.  year ended sept

Score 0.418
. .  of delegated regulation eu double counting of avoidance of double counting through the clear allocation of amounts or the use of appropriate allocation criteria thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy amounts that contribute to several environmental ob jective is ruled out by directly allocating the amounts in calculations to just one environmental objective of the eu taxonomy.  other methodologic al principles the disclosures for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure for the reporting year do not include data for business activiti es that were reclassified as taxonomyeligible or allocated to the new economic activities pursuant to delegated regulation eu or delegated regulation eu .  materiality for reporting purposes the condition for including taxonomyeligible business activities in eu taxonomy reporting is that external turnover is generated by a business activity that is consistent with the description of an economic activity in accordance with the delegated acts

Score 0.417
freight transport services by road ccm .  infrastructure for rail transport ccm .  provision of itot datadriven solutions and software ce .  sales of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned a.  sales of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.417
borrowing costs directly attributable to the production of assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are su bstantially ready for their intended use.  administrative costs ar e capitalized only if such costs are directly related to production.  maintenance and repair costs daytoday servicing are expensed as incu rred.  the group recognizes in the carrying amount of an item of property plant and equipment the cost of replacing parts and major inspe ction of such an item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the item will flow to the group and the cost o f the item can be measured reliably.  where fixtures and equipment comprise of significant parts having different useful lives those parts are depreciated separately

Score 0.417
.  of delegated regulation eu the total amount of operating expenditure is used as the denominator in the calculation of the opex kpi.  the proportion of this amount that is taxonomyaligned is determined in accordance with the eu taxonomy taking into account the technical screening criteria and compliance with the minimum safeguards.  in accordance with the delegated act this amount forms the numerator in the calculation of the opex kpi.  in addition to operating expenditure for business activities that are already taxonomyaligned th e numerator also includes operating expenditure which is used to expand taxonomyaligned business activities or to allow taxonomyeligible business activities to become taxonomyaligned and which is part of a capex plan in accordance with annex i point

Score 0.417
thyssenkrupp annual report combined management report eu taxonomy due to unclarified legal terms uncertainty still exists regarding the interpretation of the eu taxonomy and associated delegated acts.  we explain our interpretations of these terms below.  taxonomyeligible bu siness activities business activities are taxonomyeligible if they are consistent with the descriptions of the economic activities contained in the delegated acts in respect of the environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy.  it is not significant that they satisfy the te chnical screening criteria defined there for each economic activity.  by contrast business activities that are not consistent with the description of an economic activity may not be classified as taxonomyeligible