Scores_c_MANUFACTURINGScore 0.634
production and materialrelated recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site.  this entails waste separation secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes.  waste quantities and recycling methods are also impacted by production quantities and renovation work in buildings and on business premi ses.  the groupwide waste volume of tonnes in the reporting year compared to tonnes in the previous year is the result of our increased business volume.  waste generation t nonhazardous waste for disposal nonhazardous waste for recycling excluding scrap scrap for recycling hazardous waste for disposal hazardous waste for recycling rheinmetall group water management global wate r consumption has increased sixfold over the past one hundred years

Score 0.612
however these refer to the final product itself which is why we have limited ourselves to the fulfillment of the technical screening criter ia of category . .  compliance with article letters b and c of eu is presented separately.  manufacture of other low carbon technologies .

Score 0.586
this applies in particular to provisions relating to not only the environment chemicals hazardous substances and critical raw materials but also occupational and health protection.  it also includes regulations relating to air soil and water pollution and waste disposal all of which have recently been made stricter by new legislation particularly in the european union and the us .  adapting to new requirements could increase operating costs or require unscheduled investments.  a whole range of different licenses and approvals are also required for our locations and factories and their provisions have to be met which are subject to renewal amendment suspension and revocation by the issuing authority.  violations of relevant official regulations that apply to how we exercise our business activities or infringement of social occupational safety and environmental standards could har m rheinmetalls reputation and subsequently result in internal or external investigations requirements remediation obligations claims for damages and under certain circumstances substantial fines or penalties

Score 0.585
waste management in all our production processes we strive to be efficient in our use of materials.  we prevent reduce or recycle waste or dispose of it in a safe and environmentally friendly way.  we aim to keep disposal quantities to as low a level as possible.  production and materialrelated recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site.  this entails waste separation secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes

Score 0.582
of eu annex must be met.  however these refer to the final product itself which is why we have limited ourselves to the fulfillment of the technical screening criter ia of category . .  compliance with article letters b and c of eu is presented separately.  manufacture of other low carbon technologies

Score 0.581
handling materials energy water and waste in a considered manner not only protects t he environment but also reduces costs at the same time.  we continue to strive to use resources even more efficiently.  safe and modern facilities at certified production sites ensure resourceconserving and lowemission production processes as far as possi ble.  countryspecific regulations and the requirements of international standards for quality iso iatf and aqap environmental protection iso and energy management systems iso are observed and processes are certified accordingly.  regular audits ensure transparency in terms of the status quo and provide objective confirmation of high quality standards

Score 0.579
in some cases pollutants are also removed during dismantling.  this is done by completely stripping the paint from the vehicles.  this involves removing the chromium vicontaining primers used until which are harmful to health.  all economic activities i n which both dismantling and the removal of harmful substances such as complete paint stripping are carried out are considered taxonomycompliant.  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components

Score 0.569
all economic activities i n which both dismantling and the removal of harmful substances such as complete paint stripping are carried out are considered taxonomycompliant.  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components .  this category includes the prep aration for reuse of endoflife products and product components at the end of their service life.  ms motorservice france s.  a

Score 0.563
we aim to keep disposal quantities to as low a level as possible.  production and materialrelated recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site.  this entails waste separation secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes.  waste quantities and recycling methods are also impacted by production quantities and renovation work in buildings and on business premi ses.  the groupwide waste volume of tonnes in the reporting year compared to tonnes in the previous year is the result of our increased business volume

Score 0.558
the sales generated for the development services and the associated investments and operating expenses in are reported as taxonomyaligned in this category.  as a supplier of relevant components we have the role of the enabling company.  to meet the sub stantial contribution k the technical screening criteria in section .  of eu annex must be met.  however these refer to the final product itself which is why we have limited ourselves to the fulfillment of the technical screening criter ia of category

Score 0.556
a distinction was made between requirements to be examined for each individual economic activity itself such as the substantial contribution and specific dnsh criteria requirements relating to the locations and requirem ents covered by groupwide compliance.  the latter particularly applies to the requirements of the minimum safeguards.  for the annexes of the delegated regulation on the new environmental objectives published in june and the additions to the existing a nnexes of environmental objectives and a soft landing will be carried out again this year so that no conformity check will be carried out and all economic activities identified here will be reported as taxonomycompliant.  due to the reclassification of economic activities in the automotive sector from category .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies to the new category

Score 0.556
in terms of the regulation we classify this as an enabling activity.  the requirements of the selected category for taxonomy eligibility are thus fulfilled according to our interpretation.  the substantial contribution emphasizes the letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report requirement that the economic activity produces technologies for renewable energies.  in this respect it is our understanding that no separate proof is required fo r this if taxonomy eligibility has already been proven.  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen

Score 0.555
this involves removing the chromium vicontaining primers used until which are harmful to health.  all economic activities i n which both dismantling and the removal of harmful substances such as complete paint stripping are carried out are considered taxonomycompliant.  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components .  this category includes the prep aration for reuse of endoflife products and product components at the end of their service life.  ms motorservice france s

Score 0.553
this involves completely dismantling old vehicles down to the vehicle hull and refurbishing or modernizing them.  in some cases pollutants are also removed during dismantling.  this is done by completely stripping the paint from the vehicles.  this involves removing the chromium vicontaining primers used until which are harmful to health.  all economic activities i n which both dismantling and the removal of harmful substances such as complete paint stripping are carried out are considered taxonomycompliant

Score 0.553
it also includes regulations relating to air soil and water pollution and waste disposal all of which have recently been made stricter by new legislation particularly in the european union and the us .  adapting to new requirements could increase operating costs or require unscheduled investments.  a whole range of different licenses and approvals are also required for our locations and factories and their provisions have to be met which are subject to renewal amendment suspension and revocation by the issuing authority.  violations of relevant official regulations that apply to how we exercise our business activities or infringement of social occupational safety and environmental standards could har m rheinmetalls reputation and subsequently result in internal or external investigations requirements remediation obligations claims for damages and under certain circumstances substantial fines or penalties.  we actively counter these risks in variou s ways including through high technical standards integrated management systems and certification in accordance with international standards such as iso iso and iso

Score 0.553
environmental objective climate change mitigat ion manufacture of renewable energy technologies . .  this category refers to renewable energies within the meaning of article of directive eu .  with the manufacture of bushes for brakes and geared rotor shafts of wind turbines ks gleitl ager gmbh from materials and trade contributes significantly to the further development of wind power technologies.  in terms of the regulation we classify this as an enabling activity

Score 0.546
this entails waste separation secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes.  waste quantities and recycling methods are also impacted by production quantities and renovation work in buildings and on business premi ses.  the groupwide waste volume of tonnes in the reporting year compared to tonnes in the previous year is the result of our increased business volume.  waste generation t nonhazardous waste for disposal nonhazardous waste for recycling excluding scrap scrap for recycling hazardous waste for disposal hazardous waste for recycling rheinmetall group water management global wate r consumption has increased sixfold over the past one hundred years.  water is therefore becoming an increasingly scarce commodity

Score 0.543
.  category .  therefore includes all automotive components whose targe t technology is zeroemission vehicles which means that there is no longer a restriction to components of the drivetrain of such a vehicle and therefore every component of a zeroemission vehicle is considered taxonomyeligible.  due to the fact that this category is an addition published in june the economic activities in this category are reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  manufacture of aircraft

Score 0.542
these activities can therefore be assigned to the manufacture of aircraft and are therefore included for the first time in this fi scal letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report year.  rheinmetall aviation services is also investing in the future production of military combat aircraft this year.  due to the fact that this category is an addition to the annex to the environmental objective climate change mitigation of the dele gated regulation published in june the economic activities in this category are not checked for conformity and are therefore reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  construction of new buildings .

Score 0.541
.  environmental objective climate change mitigat ion manufacture of renewable energy technologies . .  this category refers to renewable energies within the meaning of article of directive eu .  with the manufacture of bushes for brakes and geared rotor shafts of wind turbines ks gleitl ager gmbh from materials and trade contributes significantly to the further development of wind power technologies

Score 0.541
.  acquisi tion and ownership of buildings buying real estate and exercising ownership of that real estate.  rheinmetall immobilien gmbh environmental objective circular economy . . depollution and dismantling of endoflife products construction operatio n and modernization of facilities for the dismantling and removal of pollutants from complex endoflife products movable goods and their components for the purpose of material recovery or preparation for reuse of components

Score 0.539
.  this category refers to renewable energies within the meaning of article of directive eu .  with the manufacture of bushes for brakes and geared rotor shafts of wind turbines ks gleitl ager gmbh from materials and trade contributes significantly to the further development of wind power technologies.  in terms of the regulation we classify this as an enabling activity.  the requirements of the selected category for taxonomy eligibility are thus fulfilled according to our interpretation

Score 0.539
this is done by completely stripping the paint from the vehicles.  this involves removing the chromium vicontaining primers used until which are harmful to health.  all economic activities i n which both dismantling and the removal of harmful substances such as complete paint stripping are carried out are considered taxonomycompliant.  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components .  this category includes the prep aration for reuse of endoflife products and product components at the end of their service life

Score 0.538
appendix c generic criteria for dnsh to pollution prevention and control regarding use and presence of chemicals required a more comprehensive consideration and interpretation.  in this context the terms production placing on the market and use were defined a s follows production a harmful substance is produced for the first time in ones own company.  this does not yet include an external effect.  placing on the market the harmful substance is introduced onto the market for the first time by the own company and thus has an external effect.  use a harmful substance or a product containing the harmful substance is introduced into a product by the company for the first time in production manufacturing or assembly

Score 0.537
this category refers to renewable energies within the meaning of article of directive eu .  with the manufacture of bushes for brakes and geared rotor shafts of wind turbines ks gleitl ager gmbh from materials and trade contributes significantly to the further development of wind power technologies.  in terms of the regulation we classify this as an enabling activity.  the requirements of the selected category for taxonomy eligibility are thus fulfilled according to our interpretation.  the substantial contribution emphasizes the letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report requirement that the economic activity produces technologies for renewable energies

Score 0.536
we continue to strive to use resources even more efficiently.  safe and modern facilities at certified production sites ensure resourceconserving and lowemission production processes as far as possi ble.  countryspecific regulations and the requirements of international standards for quality iso iatf and aqap environmental protection iso and energy management systems iso are observed and processes are certified accordingly.  regular audits ensure transparency in terms of the status quo and provide objective confirmation of high quality standards.  energy management we need a sufficient energy supply which is associated with corresponding co emissions to manufac ture our products and operate our buildings and infrastructure

Score 0.536
in addition to the safety of our products protecting our employees and the environment and respecting and safeguarding human rights in our own business activit ies and in business relationships along the value chain are high priorities.  misconduct and noncompliance with legal requirements or the groups own standards may have effects such as personal injury environmental property and reputational damage produ ction downtime and interruptions to operations and the obligation to pay damages.  this also includes the risk of releasing hazardous substances as a result of a failure in production the obligation to remove contamination and risks from the area of comp liance with human rights and from potentially addressing these insufficiently.  with our principles standards and measures we ensure that our requirements are communicated appropriately and implemented in the best possible way.  if we do not comply with th e increasing regulatory requirements and fail to meet the expectations and requirements of governments customers investors lenders and other financial institutions in the areas of environmental and social responsibility and governance esg to the requi red extent or level of detail this can have a negative impact on the rheinmetall groups business and earnings

Score 0.536
.  manufactur e of other low carbon technologies.  manufacture of technologies aimed at substantial ghg emission reductions in other sectors of the economy where those technologies are not covered in sections .  to .  of this annex

Score 0.533
safe and modern facilities at certified production sites ensure resourceconserving and lowemission production processes as far as possi ble.  countryspecific regulations and the requirements of international standards for quality iso iatf and aqap environmental protection iso and energy management systems iso are observed and processes are certified accordingly.  regular audits ensure transparency in terms of the status quo and provide objective confirmation of high quality standards.  energy management we need a sufficient energy supply which is associated with corresponding co emissions to manufac ture our products and operate our buildings and infrastructure.  the reduction of energyrelated payments is therefore a key component of corporate policy in the rheinmetall group

Score 0.53
participation in traffic on the road involves a certain regularity from our point of view.  as in the fiscal year the logistical military vehicles and special vehic les for the civilian sector are therefore reported as taxonomyeligible in this category in accordance with our interpretation.  due to requirements h and i of the substantial contribution a further investigation into taxonomy alignment has not been un dertaken as the relevant products do not currently meet the requirements.  manufacture of energyefficient building equipment .

Score 0.529
acquisi tion and ownership of buildings buying real estate and exercising ownership of that real estate.  rheinmetall immobilien gmbh environmental objective circular economy . . depollution and dismantling of endoflife products construction operatio n and modernization of facilities for the dismantling and removal of pollutants from complex endoflife products movable goods and their components for the purpose of material recovery or preparation for reuse of components.  rheinmetall landsysteme gmbh

Score 0.528
rheinmetall immobilien gmbh environmental objective circular economy . . depollution and dismantling of endoflife products construction operatio n and modernization of facilities for the dismantling and removal of pollutants from complex endoflife products movable goods and their components for the purpose of material recovery or preparation for reuse of components.  rheinmetall landsysteme gmbh .  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components preparation for the reuse of products and components at the end of their service life

Score 0.527
the requirements of the selected category for taxonomy eligibility are thus fulfilled according to our interpretation.  the substantial contribution emphasizes the letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report requirement that the economic activity produces technologies for renewable energies.  in this respect it is our understanding that no separate proof is required fo r this if taxonomy eligibility has already been proven.  manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen .

Score 0.527
product responsibility specialist working groups in the divisions deal for example with safety and environmental s tandards for rheinmetall products.  they are responsible for tracking new regulations and developments defining and implementing the required internal processes and conducting relevant training.  products in civilian business are subjected to extensive test ing in accordance with the regulations prescribed by automotive quality and development standards.  sensors and actuators for example uses a databasesupported process for product safety management which maps out the entire product lifecycle.  materials a nd trade uses special design and simulation tools

Score 0.523
these licensing requirements involve openended lists that prev ent lowtech goods from being used for armaments projects.  these are referred to as catchall clauses.  factors that play a role in licensing approval include the intended purpose of the goods and the respective purchasing country or country of destinatio n.  a licensing requirement may exist if the goods are intended to be used or may be used in connection with the development manufacture handling operation maintenance storage tracking identification or dissemination of chemical biological or nuclea r weapons or other nuclear explosives or for the development manufacture maintenance or storage of missiles for such weapons or are intended to be used for a military end purpose in an arms embargo country or for use as components of military goods exp orted without requiring a license or where the goods are for digital surveillance the goods are or may be intended in whole or in part for use in connection with internal repression andor the commission of serious violations of human rights and intern ational humanitarian law.  vehicle emissions mobility in its current dominant form relies on burning fossil fuels which is inextricably linked to the emission of substances that are harmful to health and the environment

Score 0.523
misconduct and noncompliance with legal requirements or the groups own standards may have effects such as personal injury environmental property and reputational damage produ ction downtime and interruptions to operations and the obligation to pay damages.  this also includes the risk of releasing hazardous substances as a result of a failure in production the obligation to remove contamination and risks from the area of comp liance with human rights and from potentially addressing these insufficiently.  with our principles standards and measures we ensure that our requirements are communicated appropriately and implemented in the best possible way.  if we do not comply with th e increasing regulatory requirements and fail to meet the expectations and requirements of governments customers investors lenders and other financial institutions in the areas of environmental and social responsibility and governance esg to the requi red extent or level of detail this can have a negative impact on the rheinmetall groups business and earnings.  customers could potentially refuse to award contracts to us private and institutional investors might refuse to include us in their portfolio and financial institutes might refuse to issue loans at all or only at an increased cost

Score 0.522
e.  across all stages of the valueadded chain.  these include respect of international esg standards and esg frameworks reduction of carbon footprint in production a higher proportion of recyclable material responsibl e use of substances and materials and future carbonneutral products.  letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial as pects of business activities social responsibility rheinmetall annual report the score of suppliers on sustainability issues is increasingly being taken into account when contracts are awarded e. g

Score 0.52
in this context the terms production placing on the market and use were defined a s follows production a harmful substance is produced for the first time in ones own company.  this does not yet include an external effect.  placing on the market the harmful substance is introduced onto the market for the first time by the own company and thus has an external effect.  use a harmful substance or a product containing the harmful substance is introduced into a product by the company for the first time in production manufacturing or assembly.  it should be noted that traceability over sever al stages of the value chain cannot currently be guaranteed

Score 0.517
across all stages of the valueadded chain.  these include respect of international esg standards and esg frameworks reduction of carbon footprint in production a higher proportion of recyclable material responsibl e use of substances and materials and future carbonneutral products.  letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial as pects of business activities social responsibility rheinmetall annual report the score of suppliers on sustainability issues is increasingly being taken into account when contracts are awarded e. g.  as part of supplier questionnaires

Score 0.516
as part of the reconditioning process they are prepared so that they can be reused in a vehicle without further processing.  the sales associated with the described activity are therefore to be regarded as taxonomycompliant in the present category.  .  do no significant harm to any of the environmental objectives dnsh this approach can essentially be divided int o three phases centralized evaluation locationspecific verification and individual consideration.  for the environmental objectives to be verified not only individual activityrelated requirements but also separate appendices ad were published as par t of annex of eu and the other annexes to regulation eu which apply to a large number of activities and prescribe sitespecific requirements

Score 0.515
category .  therefore includes all automotive components whose targe t technology is zeroemission vehicles which means that there is no longer a restriction to components of the drivetrain of such a vehicle and therefore every component of a zeroemission vehicle is considered taxonomyeligible.  due to the fact that this category is an addition published in june the economic activities in this category are reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  manufacture of aircraft .  rheinmetall aviation services generates sales from the manufacture maintenance re pair and technical support of drones

Score 0.512
. depollution and dismantling of endoflife products construction operatio n and modernization of facilities for the dismantling and removal of pollutants from complex endoflife products movable goods and their components for the purpose of material recovery or preparation for reuse of components.  rheinmetall landsysteme gmbh .  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components preparation for the reuse of products and components at the end of their service life.  ms motorservice france s

Score 0.512
use a harmful substance or a product containing the harmful substance is introduced into a product by the company for the first time in production manufacturing or assembly.  it should be noted that traceability over sever al stages of the value chain cannot currently be guaranteed.  with this determination the examination of the requirements of appendix c was handed over to the divisions and examined there for each individual taxonomy asset.  the result was then made avail able again centrally added to the package for evaluation of the dnsh criteria and thus ended the review process.

Score 0.511
in our understanding vehicles are all vehic les that serve to transport persons or objects and participate in traffic on the road.  participation in traffic on the road involves a certain regularity from our point of view.  as in the fiscal year the logistical military vehicles and special vehic les for the civilian sector are therefore reported as taxonomyeligible in this category in accordance with our interpretation.  due to requirements h and i of the substantial contribution a further investigation into taxonomy alignment has not been un dertaken as the relevant products do not currently meet the requirements.  manufacture of energyefficient building equipment

Score 0.511
we prevent reduce or recycle waste or dispose of it in a safe and environmentally friendly way.  we aim to keep disposal quantities to as low a level as possible.  production and materialrelated recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site.  this entails waste separation secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes.  waste quantities and recycling methods are also impacted by production quantities and renovation work in buildings and on business premi ses

Score 0.51
. .  environmental objective climate change mitigat ion manufacture of renewable energy technologies . .  this category refers to renewable energies within the meaning of article of directive eu

Score 0.509
as in the previous fiscal year considerable taxonomyeligible sales were also generated through the production of civilian logistics and special vehicles.  in the year under review further progress was made i n establishing and expanding our business areas with regard to energy management and renewable energy sources.  sales were recorded in the field of brake and transmission technology for wind turbines.  .  investments in contrast to sales capital and operat ing expenditures are specifically defined by the eu taxonomy regulation

Score 0.507
the survey on the requirements of these annexes was prepared centrally.  in this context the appendices a generic criteria for dnsh to climate change adaptation b generic criteria for dnsh to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources and d generic criteria for dnsh to protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems were evaluated for the economic activities concerned and made letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report available to the sites for verification.  after verification and any necessary adjustments as well as documentation of evidence this package was merged centrally.  appendix c generic criteria for dnsh to pollution prevention and control regarding use and presence of chemicals required a more comprehensive consideration and interpretation.  in this context the terms production placing on the market and use were defined a s follows production a harmful substance is produced for the first time in ones own company

Score 0.507
in fiscal previous year of this was attributable to the internal combustion engine ice category previous year to industrial technology previous year to electrification and previous year to truck.  nominated backlog the nominated backlog of materials and trade amounted to million in fiscal .  compared to the previous year the nominated backlog of materials and trade decreased due to the reclassification of previous orders and framework contracts as individual transactions which by definition are not reported in t he nominated backlog .  operating result materials and trade generated an operating result at the previous years level at million in fiscal .  the operating margin of

Score 0.507
export of nonlisted goods to en sure seamless export controls there are also licensing requirements for goods that are not technically described in any of the aforementioned export lists and are known as nonlisted goods.  these licensing requirements involve openended lists that prev ent lowtech goods from being used for armaments projects.  these are referred to as catchall clauses.  factors that play a role in licensing approval include the intended purpose of the goods and the respective purchasing country or country of destinatio n.  a licensing requirement may exist if the goods are intended to be used or may be used in connection with the development manufacture handling operation maintenance storage tracking identification or dissemination of chemical biological or nuclea r weapons or other nuclear explosives or for the development manufacture maintenance or storage of missiles for such weapons or are intended to be used for a military end purpose in an arms embargo country or for use as components of military goods exp orted without requiring a license or where the goods are for digital surveillance the goods are or may be intended in whole or in part for use in connection with internal repression andor the commission of serious violations of human rights and intern ational humanitarian law

Score 0.506
we ensure compliance with regulatory requirements for the product areas through internal policies and procedural instructions as well as by establishing applying and continuously improving management systems.  our quali ty management systems have been certified in accordance with the internationally recognized iso iatf and aqap or en standards for many years now for example.  in addition methods including six sigma lean management and failure mode and e ffects analysis fmea are used to prevent quality risks.  appropriate insurance cover is in place for warranty product liability and recall risks which is reviewed periodically and adjusted where necessary.  wherever possible the management systems are run as integrated management systems meaning that the issue of quality is linked with other issues such as the environment health and safety and energy

Score 0.505
in this context the appendices a generic criteria for dnsh to climate change adaptation b generic criteria for dnsh to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources and d generic criteria for dnsh to protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems were evaluated for the economic activities concerned and made letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report available to the sites for verification.  after verification and any necessary adjustments as well as documentation of evidence this package was merged centrally.  appendix c generic criteria for dnsh to pollution prevention and control regarding use and presence of chemicals required a more comprehensive consideration and interpretation.  in this context the terms production placing on the market and use were defined a s follows production a harmful substance is produced for the first time in ones own company.  this does not yet include an external effect

Score 0.504
as in the fiscal year the logistical military vehicles and special vehic les for the civilian sector are therefore reported as taxonomyeligible in this category in accordance with our interpretation.  due to requirements h and i of the substantial contribution a further investigation into taxonomy alignment has not been un dertaken as the relevant products do not currently meet the requirements.  manufacture of energyefficient building equipment . .  pierburg gmbh received an order for the delivery of a refrigerant compressor model with dc electronics in december

Score 0.503
as a supplier of relevant components we have the role of the enabling company.  to meet the sub stantial contribution k the technical screening criteria in section .  of eu annex must be met.  however these refer to the final product itself which is why we have limited ourselves to the fulfillment of the technical screening criter ia of category .

Score 0.503
due to the fact that this category is an addition published in june the economic activities in this category are reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  manufacture of aircraft .  rheinmetall aviation services generates sales from the manufacture maintenance re pair and technical support of drones.  the eu commission defines drones as all aircraft that can fly without a pilot on board.  these activities can therefore be assigned to the manufacture of aircraft and are therefore included for the first time in this fi scal letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report year

Score 0.499
these are nationally listed dualuse goods.  export of nonlisted goods to en sure seamless export controls there are also licensing requirements for goods that are not technically described in any of the aforementioned export lists and are known as nonlisted goods.  these licensing requirements involve openended lists that prev ent lowtech goods from being used for armaments projects.  these are referred to as catchall clauses.  factors that play a role in licensing approval include the intended purpose of the goods and the respective purchasing country or country of destinatio n

Score 0.499
a whole range of different licenses and approvals are also required for our locations and factories and their provisions have to be met which are subject to renewal amendment suspension and revocation by the issuing authority.  violations of relevant official regulations that apply to how we exercise our business activities or infringement of social occupational safety and environmental standards could har m rheinmetalls reputation and subsequently result in internal or external investigations requirements remediation obligations claims for damages and under certain circumstances substantial fines or penalties.  we actively counter these risks in variou s ways including through high technical standards integrated management systems and certification in accordance with international standards such as iso iso and iso .  we evaluate measures that go above and beyond compliance with legal r equirements on a cost benefit basis.  although we have organizational structures and procedures in place to ensure that we comply with applicable government regulations in the conduct of our business it cannot be entirely ruled out that violations of appl icable government regulations could occur on our part or on the part of third parties with whom we have a contractual relationship and whose actions could be attributed to us

Score 0.499
with the manufacture of bushes for brakes and geared rotor shafts of wind turbines ks gleitl ager gmbh from materials and trade contributes significantly to the further development of wind power technologies.  in terms of the regulation we classify this as an enabling activity.  the requirements of the selected category for taxonomy eligibility are thus fulfilled according to our interpretation.  the substantial contribution emphasizes the letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report requirement that the economic activity produces technologies for renewable energies.  in this respect it is our understanding that no separate proof is required fo r this if taxonomy eligibility has already been proven

Score 0.499
in view of the mandatory csrd reporting for our company from the fiscal year which also covers the tcfd recommendations we have decided not to include any additional voluntary reporting for the fiscal year.  waste management in all our production processes we strive to be efficient in our use of materials.  we prevent reduce or recycle waste or dispose of it in a safe and environmentally friendly way.  we aim to keep disposal quantities to as low a level as possible.  production and materialrelated recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site

Score 0.499
the careful use of natural re sources is supported through the use of modern technology and contemporary process letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities environmental protection and conservation rheinmetall annual report technologies which help to reduce emissions and the use of water among other things.  handling materials energy water and waste in a considered manner not only protects t he environment but also reduces costs at the same time.  we continue to strive to use resources even more efficiently.  safe and modern facilities at certified production sites ensure resourceconserving and lowemission production processes as far as possi ble.  countryspecific regulations and the requirements of international standards for quality iso iatf and aqap environmental protection iso and energy management systems iso are observed and processes are certified accordingly

Score 0.498
letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial as pects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report a portion of the taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned operating expenditure could be allocated to salesrelated activities.  the majority of our taxonomyeligible operating expenditure relates to areas in research and development that serve to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities.  t hey are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies.  in addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair o f property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the eu taxonomy regulation.

Score 0.497
adapting to new requirements could increase operating costs or require unscheduled investments.  a whole range of different licenses and approvals are also required for our locations and factories and their provisions have to be met which are subject to renewal amendment suspension and revocation by the issuing authority.  violations of relevant official regulations that apply to how we exercise our business activities or infringement of social occupational safety and environmental standards could har m rheinmetalls reputation and subsequently result in internal or external investigations requirements remediation obligations claims for damages and under certain circumstances substantial fines or penalties.  we actively counter these risks in variou s ways including through high technical standards integrated management systems and certification in accordance with international standards such as iso iso and iso .  we evaluate measures that go above and beyond compliance with legal r equirements on a cost benefit basis

Score 0.497
these include respect of international esg standards and esg frameworks reduction of carbon footprint in production a higher proportion of recyclable material responsibl e use of substances and materials and future carbonneutral products.  letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial as pects of business activities social responsibility rheinmetall annual report the score of suppliers on sustainability issues is increasingly being taken into account when contracts are awarded e. g.  as part of supplier questionnaires.  with the larger share of th eir product spectrum sensors and actuators and materials and trade hold a firsttier position in the valueadded chain of automotive production i

Score 0.497
another focus of investment in was at the abadiano site in spain where production facilities for pollutantreducing products such as exhaust gas recirculation valves and secondary air systems were established.  at the hartha site in germany investments were made in fuel cell and electric motor components.  capital expen diture at materials and trade in was similar to the previous year and amounted to million .  the bearings business unit invested in capacity expansion for polymer bearing s hells plants and facilities for the production of polymercoated thrust washers cnc hard turning machines and tools.  in addition investments were made in futureoriented areas such as the production of components for industrial applications and for gene rating green energy

Score 0.497
waste generation t nonhazardous waste for disposal nonhazardous waste for recycling excluding scrap scrap for recycling hazardous waste for disposal hazardous waste for recycling rheinmetall group water management global wate r consumption has increased sixfold over the past one hundred years.  water is therefore becoming an increasingly scarce commodity.  according to the unesco world water report the consequences of climate change population growth and rising consumption mea n that more than five billion people will suffer from water shortages by if things continue as they are.  responsible use of water is an integral part of our commitment to sustainability.  letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities environmental protection and conservation rheinmetall annual report the availability of water as a resource is highly dependent on regional and local geographical and sociopolitical conditions

Score 0.496
further progress was also made in the development of plain bearings for wind turbines and innovative components for hydrogen production both of which are strategic projects in the context of the energy transition .  in the castings business unit worked on expanding its strategic project portfolio in the automotive truck emobility new mobility and engineering service application areas.  the primary focus here is on the application of expertise in the area o f highly complex components.  in addition industrialization in the area of emobility new mobility is being driven forward.  in the area of automotive and motor applications the focus remained on the series production of a complex cylinder crankcase ccc by means of lowpressure sand casting and on the expansion of process development for the series production of electric motor housings for electric drives

Score 0.494
wherever possible the management systems are run as integrated management systems meaning that the issue of quality is linked with other issues such as the environment health and safety and energy.  risks may arise from capacity bottlenecks due to staff shortages technical disruptions excessive sc rap levels lack of demand availability as a result of failures or partial failures in the supply chains or excessive reliance on individual production sites.  these risks can be mitigated however through careful planning and continuous letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information risks and op portunities significant corporate risks rheinmetall annual report monitoring of the production processes in conjunction with flexible working hour models.  continuous improvement in production for example by simplifying processes or increasing the level of automation helps to further increase production efficiency.  the availability o f production plants is ensured through preventive maintenance with accompanying checks and through investments and modernizations

Score 0.494
when evaluatin g the cost centers care is taken to ensure that the total costs are adjusted for individual costs where necessary for the required data reporting in order to avoid double counting when determining the key figures.  letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial as pects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report a portion of the taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned operating expenditure could be allocated to salesrelated activities.  the majority of our taxonomyeligible operating expenditure relates to areas in research and development that serve to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities.  t hey are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies.  in addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair o f property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the eu taxonomy regulation

Score 0.493
for this reason it cannot be ruled out that contamination for example as a result of production processes or processes to test munitions has also been generated during this time that rheinmetall is not yet aware of.  accounting provisions have been recognized for necessary measures to safeguard against or clean up identified pollution.  the elimination of leaks or the cleanup of effects resulting from technical failure could give rise to direct costs for the company.  it is possi ble that the relevant authorities may issue regulations that require costly cleanup measures.  we counter potential environmental risks by implementing statutory environmental standards certified environmental management systems proper and safe storage o f hazardous substances and environmentally friendly disposal of waste and hazardous materials via certified service providers

Score 0.493
economic activities are considered environmentally sustainable and thus taxonomyaligned if they make a substantial contribution to one or more of these defined en vironmental objectives do not significantly harm the achievement of any environmental objective do no significant harm principle dnsh and comply with minimum safeguards for occupational health and safety and human rights such as those arising from the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises or the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights.  all corporate activities that cannot be assigned to any category are taxonomynoneligible.  based on these complex screening criteria the extent to which products and individual measures are ecologically sustainable as defined in the eu taxonomy regulation is specified.  since the publication of delegated regulation eu by the eu commission in june on environmental objecti ves to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems these are now available for all six environmen tal objectives defined in the eu taxonomy regulation.  in addition to the delegated regulations on the technical screening criteria for the six environmental objectives the eu taxonomy regulation stipulates another delegated regulation on the taxonomyrelated disclosure obligations in accordance with article of the eu taxonomy regulation which contains more detailed provisions on content methodology and presentation

Score 0.492
t hey are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies.  in addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair o f property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the eu taxonomy regulation.  .  investment planning nonfinancial undertakings must disclose material information on investment planning for each of their specified economic activities.  there is currently no clear interpretation of what the investment plan includes meaning that different interpretations exist with regard to the market

Score 0.49
on this basis the relev ant categories with the associated criteria sets were identified and all nonapplicable categories were excluded.  for environmental objective climate change adaptation no economic activity was identified in the allocation of economic activities phas e.  as in previous years this was therefore not taken into account.  similarly no economic activity could be identified for the environmental objective sustainable use and letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business ac tivities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report protection of water and marine resources and environmental objective protect ion and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems in the classification of economic activities phase.  in the annexes to environmental objectives of the delegated regulation there were also some changes to the wording regarding compliance with the nace codes which stipulate a stricter interpretation

Score 0.49
production and project implementation rheinmetall counters potential production risks by applying high technical safety and process standards at its plants in line with the relevant risks.  we ensure compliance with regulatory requirements for the product areas through internal policies and procedural instructions as well as by establishing applying and continuously improving management systems.  our quali ty management systems have been certified in accordance with the internationally recognized iso iatf and aqap or en standards for many years now for example.  in addition methods including six sigma lean management and failure mode and e ffects analysis fmea are used to prevent quality risks.  appropriate insurance cover is in place for warranty product liability and recall risks which is reviewed periodically and adjusted where necessary

Score 0.489
due to requirements h and i of the substantial contribution a further investigation into taxonomy alignment has not been un dertaken as the relevant products do not currently meet the requirements.  manufacture of energyefficient building equipment . .  pierburg gmbh received an order for the delivery of a refrigerant compressor model with dc electronics in december .  the sales generated for the development services and the associated investments and operating expenses in are reported as taxonomyaligned in this category

Score 0.489
they are responsible for tracking new regulations and developments defining and implementing the required internal processes and conducting relevant training.  products in civilian business are subjected to extensive test ing in accordance with the regulations prescribed by automotive quality and development standards.  sensors and actuators for example uses a databasesupported process for product safety management which maps out the entire product lifecycle.  materials a nd trade uses special design and simulation tools.  to prove product safety in addition to tests carried out in testing facilities outside the engine engine operation tests are also carried out with customers under various stress scenarios

Score 0.488
depollution and dismantling of endoflife products construction operatio n and modernization of facilities for the dismantling and removal of pollutants from complex endoflife products movable goods and their components for the purpose of material recovery or preparation for reuse of components.  rheinmetall landsysteme gmbh .  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components preparation for the reuse of products and components at the end of their service life.  ms motorservice france s. a

Score 0.487
key players along the value and supply chain can access this data via a unique identifier and decide how a used product can be optimally fed into further value creation from an economic and ecological perspective repa ir reuse recycle etc. .  rheinmetall has been actively involved in an initiative of the european defence agency eda on this topic.  as part of the incubation forum for circular economy in european defence ifceed rheinmetall is participating in stud ies on the digital product passport in the defence sector.  the development of environmentally friendly solutions for materials is not only being driven forward in the civilian sector of our business activities such as in materials and trade as part of the substitution of leadcontaining materials

Score 0.487
the latter particularly applies to the requirements of the minimum safeguards.  for the annexes of the delegated regulation on the new environmental objectives published in june and the additions to the existing a nnexes of environmental objectives and a soft landing will be carried out again this year so that no conformity check will be carried out and all economic activities identified here will be reported as taxonomycompliant.  due to the reclassification of economic activities in the automotive sector from category .  manufacture of other low carbon technologies to the new category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components this leads to a oneoff significant change in the kpis this year comp ared to the previous year

Score 0.487
the majority of our taxonomyeligible operating expenditure relates to areas in research and development that serve to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities.  t hey are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies.  in addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair o f property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the eu taxonomy regulation.  .  investment planning nonfinancial undertakings must disclose material information on investment planning for each of their specified economic activities

Score 0.487
legal bans on substances andor materials are taken into account through appropriate measures and cooperation with other specialist areas.  letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information risks and opportunities significant corporate risks rheinmetall annual re port bottlenecks in supply and sharp fluctuations in prices for raw materials involve significant risks.  price risks for raw materials particularly aluminum copper and nickel are countered with cost esca lation clauses in contracts on the sales side.  when procuring raw materials that are traded on the stock market the central commodities office manages the timing of purchases and the volume purchased in consultation with the operating units making use of financial hedging instruments.  an inadequate energy supply for the rheinmetall companies under costefficient conditions constitutes a risk for competitive production at the sites

Score 0.487
due to the fact that this category is an addition to the annex to the environmental objective climate change mitigation of the dele gated regulation published in june the economic activities in this category are not checked for conformity and are therefore reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  construction of new buildings . .  all new construction activities of the rheinmetall group have been allocated to the construction of new buildings criteria set.  this involves the implementation of construction projects for residential and nonresidential buildings for the groups own account for resale or on a fee or contrac t basis

Score 0.485
manufacture of other low carbon technologies to the new category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components this leads to a oneoff significant change in the kpis this year comp ared to the previous year.  due to the full reporting obligation for taxonomy eligibility and alignment for all environmental objectives taxonomy alignment is expected to increase again from the fiscal year.  with the results the kpis of the eu taxon omy regulation have been conclusively evaluated for the rheinmetall group.  letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report

Score 0.485
in the third phase the determined economic activities of rheinmetall ag were finally checked for the ir taxonomy alignment.  a distinction was made between requirements to be examined for each individual economic activity itself such as the substantial contribution and specific dnsh criteria requirements relating to the locations and requirem ents covered by groupwide compliance.  the latter particularly applies to the requirements of the minimum safeguards.  for the annexes of the delegated regulation on the new environmental objectives published in june and the additions to the existing a nnexes of environmental objectives and a soft landing will be carried out again this year so that no conformity check will be carried out and all economic activities identified here will be reported as taxonomycompliant.  due to the reclassification of economic activities in the automotive sector from category

Score 0.484
environmental management we make every effort to further minimize our environmental impact with the best economically viable technology.  the careful use of natural re sources is supported through the use of modern technology and contemporary process letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities environmental protection and conservation rheinmetall annual report technologies which help to reduce emissions and the use of water among other things.  handling materials energy water and waste in a considered manner not only protects t he environment but also reduces costs at the same time.  we continue to strive to use resources even more efficiently.  safe and modern facilities at certified production sites ensure resourceconserving and lowemission production processes as far as possi ble

Score 0.484
in addition methods including six sigma lean management and failure mode and e ffects analysis fmea are used to prevent quality risks.  appropriate insurance cover is in place for warranty product liability and recall risks which is reviewed periodically and adjusted where necessary.  wherever possible the management systems are run as integrated management systems meaning that the issue of quality is linked with other issues such as the environment health and safety and energy.  risks may arise from capacity bottlenecks due to staff shortages technical disruptions excessive sc rap levels lack of demand availability as a result of failures or partial failures in the supply chains or excessive reliance on individual production sites.  these risks can be mitigated however through careful planning and continuous letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information risks and op portunities significant corporate risks rheinmetall annual report monitoring of the production processes in conjunction with flexible working hour models

Score 0.484
manufacture of automotive and mobility components this leads to a oneoff significant change in the kpis this year comp ared to the previous year.  due to the full reporting obligation for taxonomy eligibility and alignment for all environmental objectives taxonomy alignment is expected to increase again from the fiscal year.  with the results the kpis of the eu taxon omy regulation have been conclusively evaluated for the rheinmetall group.  letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report .  identified criteria sets relevant for sales categories description of the activity affected companies environmental objective climate change mitigation

Score 0.483
to meet the sub stantial contribution k the technical screening criteria in section .  of eu annex must be met.  however these refer to the final product itself which is why we have limited ourselves to the fulfillment of the technical screening criter ia of category . .  compliance with article letters b and c of eu is presented separately

Score 0.483
the reasons for this increase include the capitalization of higher development costs in connection with the technological shift away from combustion engines and towards alternative drive systems and nonautomotive applications.  another focus of investment in was at the abadiano site in spain where production facilities for pollutantreducing products such as exhaust gas recirculation valves and secondary air systems were established.  at the hartha site in germany investments were made in fuel cell and electric motor components.  capital expen diture at materials and trade in was similar to the previous year and amounted to million .  the bearings business unit invested in capacity expansion for polymer bearing s hells plants and facilities for the production of polymercoated thrust washers cnc hard turning machines and tools

Score 0.483
preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components .  this category includes the prep aration for reuse of endoflife products and product components at the end of their service life.  ms motorservice france s.  a.  s

Score 0.482
as part of the incubation forum for circular economy in european defence ifceed rheinmetall is participating in stud ies on the digital product passport in the defence sector.  the development of environmentally friendly solutions for materials is not only being driven forward in the civilian sector of our business activities such as in materials and trade as part of the substitution of leadcontaining materials.  defence is also working on the materials portfolio to identify suitable alternatives to chromiumcontaining coatings for individual parts for example.  in the year under review material and trades launched a project to replace lead with a leadfree alternative material .  human rights due diligence obligations protecting human rights in our own company and in the supply chain is an important priority of rheinmetall

Score 0.482
the wording a suggests an optional formulation so that economic activities that do not fall under the listed nace codes but can be clearly assigned to a category on the basis of the other criteria are considered taxonomyeligible.  wording b on the other hand can be understood as a mandatory formulation meaning that economic activ ities that cannot be assigned to the nace codes mentioned are considered nontaxonomyeligible.  according to eu annex i the capital expenditure and operating expenditure kpis are subdivided as a directly attributable to a taxonomyeligible oraligned activity b serving to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities or c relating to the acquisition of production from taxonomyaligned economic activities and to individual measures through which the target activities are carried out in a lowcarbon manner or the emission of greenhouse gases is reduced.  derived from this the assignment of the category sets first identified the salesgenerating economic activities and the associated capital and operating expenditure.  in addition any v alues that did not generate sales in the reporting period but could be assigned to categories b or c were identified

Score 0.481
violations of relevant official regulations that apply to how we exercise our business activities or infringement of social occupational safety and environmental standards could har m rheinmetalls reputation and subsequently result in internal or external investigations requirements remediation obligations claims for damages and under certain circumstances substantial fines or penalties.  we actively counter these risks in variou s ways including through high technical standards integrated management systems and certification in accordance with international standards such as iso iso and iso .  we evaluate measures that go above and beyond compliance with legal r equirements on a cost benefit basis.  although we have organizational structures and procedures in place to ensure that we comply with applicable government regulations in the conduct of our business it cannot be entirely ruled out that violations of appl icable government regulations could occur on our part or on the part of third parties with whom we have a contractual relationship and whose actions could be attributed to us.  a large amount of land owned by the rheinmetall group has been subject to indus trial usage for decades

Score 0.481
however they are not reported as taxonomyeligible in this fiscal year beyond their taxonomyaligned status.  simulators which meet the requirements of taxonomy alignment and were already included in the previous fiscal year also account for a significant proportion this year.  in the area of components for electric vehicles such as electric water pumps used to cool batteries considerable sales were again generated in the series production business this fiscal year.  as in the previous fiscal year considerable taxonomyeligible sales were also generated through the production of civilian logistics and special vehicles.  in the year under review further progress was made i n establishing and expanding our business areas with regard to energy management and renewable energy sources

Score 0.48
.  manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport manufacture repair maintenance retrofitting repurposing and upgrade of low carb on transport vehicles rolling stock and vessels.  rheinmetall man military vehicles gmbh . .  manufacture of energy efficient equipment for buildings manufacture of energy efficient equipment for buildings

Score 0.48
identified criteria sets relevant for sales categories description of the activity affected companies environmental objective climate change mitigation . .  manufa cture of renewable energy technologies manufacture of renewable energy technologies where renewable energy is defined in article of directive eu .  ks gleitlager gmbh .

Score 0.48
manufacture of automotive and mobility c omponents is to be further expanded in the coming years with capital expenditure of around .  million.  further taxonomyaligned capital expenditure of around million is also planned in the coming years in category .  transmission and distribution of electricity.

Score 0.479
these are referred to as catchall clauses.  factors that play a role in licensing approval include the intended purpose of the goods and the respective purchasing country or country of destinatio n.  a licensing requirement may exist if the goods are intended to be used or may be used in connection with the development manufacture handling operation maintenance storage tracking identification or dissemination of chemical biological or nuclea r weapons or other nuclear explosives or for the development manufacture maintenance or storage of missiles for such weapons or are intended to be used for a military end purpose in an arms embargo country or for use as components of military goods exp orted without requiring a license or where the goods are for digital surveillance the goods are or may be intended in whole or in part for use in connection with internal repression andor the commission of serious violations of human rights and intern ational humanitarian law.  vehicle emissions mobility in its current dominant form relies on burning fossil fuels which is inextricably linked to the emission of substances that are harmful to health and the environment.  in metropolitan areas in particul ar traffic is repeatedly leading to severe impairment of air quality

Score 0.479
potential sustainability risks are identifi ed and assessed both at group level and in the divisions as part of the risk management system.  in addition to the safety of our products protecting our employees and the environment and respecting and safeguarding human rights in our own business activit ies and in business relationships along the value chain are high priorities.  misconduct and noncompliance with legal requirements or the groups own standards may have effects such as personal injury environmental property and reputational damage produ ction downtime and interruptions to operations and the obligation to pay damages.  this also includes the risk of releasing hazardous substances as a result of a failure in production the obligation to remove contamination and risks from the area of comp liance with human rights and from potentially addressing these insufficiently.  with our principles standards and measures we ensure that our requirements are communicated appropriately and implemented in the best possible way

Score 0.479
this does not yet include an external effect.  placing on the market the harmful substance is introduced onto the market for the first time by the own company and thus has an external effect.  use a harmful substance or a product containing the harmful substance is introduced into a product by the company for the first time in production manufacturing or assembly.  it should be noted that traceability over sever al stages of the value chain cannot currently be guaranteed.  with this determination the examination of the requirements of appendix c was handed over to the divisions and examined there for each individual taxonomy asset

Score 0.479
tradition and innovation the rheinmetall technology group can draw on more than years of specialist knowledge system expertise and industry experience in the civilian and military b usiness sectors.  our consistent focus on technology is a prerequisite for not only picking up on the developments of our time but also for actively helping to shape technological change and as a result achieving longterm business success in a diverse r ange of technologically demanding markets.  details are provided in the research and development section.  we provide information on relevant risks in the risks and opportunities section.  environmental prot ection and conservation management approach business activities and in particular production processes are associated with the consumption of natural resources