Scores_k_FINANCIAL AND INSURANCE ACTIVITIESScore 0.591
the share of financial assets in total assets subsequently increased from to .  receivables and other assets of million previous year million mainly comprise receivables from affiliated companies.  these originate almost exclusively from intragroup financing and central liquidity manage ment.  the share of these receivables in total assets amounted to previous year .  the securities portfolio in the previous year related to the shares in a special fund acquired at the end of as a strategic liquidity reserve

Score 0.551
these originate almost exclusively from intragroup financing and central liquidity manage ment.  the share of these receivables in total assets amounted to previous year .  the securities portfolio in the previous year related to the shares in a special fund acquired at the end of as a strategic liquidity reserve.  these were dispos ed of in full in .  cash and cash equivalents rose from million in the previous year to million

Score 0.549
standard market purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized for the first time on the settlement date.  this is the date when the financial instrument is delivered or the payment is made.  notwithstanding this derivatives are recognized for the first time as of the date when the contract is concluded or the trading date.  there are three measurement categories for the subsequent measurement o f financial instruments measurement at amortized cost measurement at fair value through other comprehensive income fvoci and measurement at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl.  the relevant measurement category for a financial instru ment depends on the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset and the entitys business model for managing financial assets

Score 0.543
due to the increase in total assets the equity ratio fell to previous year .  provisions include pension provisions of million previous year million .  measured pension obligations of million previous year million are covered by plan assets of million previous year million .  other liabilities include liabilities to affiliated companies of million previous year million .  these originate almost exclusively from intragroup financing and central liquidity management

Score 0.542
the investment strategy and composition of assets manag ed by pension funds are geared towards yield targets risk tolerance and shortterm and mediumterm liquidity requirements.  classification of the plan assets in properties shares funds corporate bonds other total the fair values of shares fund units fixedinterest securities and other investments are determined based on market prices in an active market.  the fair values of property are not based on market prices in an active m arket.  for the following year the estimated cash outflows of continuing operations for contributions to plan assets are shown below.  estimated cash outflows to plan assets million employer contributions to plan assets employee contributions to plan assets the following cash outflows for the payment of pensions from the pension plans of continuing operations are expected for the following periods cash outflows for payments of pensions from pension plans million payments from pla n assets payments from companies letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the statement of financial position rheinmetall annual report other provisions classification of other provisions million human resources structural measures guarantees identifiable losses contractrelated costs other provisions total as of utilization reversal added provided for currency differences other as of of which current of which noncurrent as of utilization reversal added provided for adjustments in scope of consolidation currency differe nces other as of of which current of which noncurrent personnel provisions essentially relate to variable remunerati on of million previous year million and obligations from vacation overtime and flexitime accounts of million previous year million

Score 0.538
provisions include pension provisions of million previous year million .  measured pension obligations of million previous year million are covered by plan assets of million previous year million .  other liabilities include liabilities to affiliated companies of million previous year million .  these originate almost exclusively from intragroup financing and central liquidity management.  the share of these liabilities in total assets declined from to

Score 0.531
as well as general actuarial risks arising from the measurement of pension obligations the plan assets harbor investment risks.  the investment strategy and composition of assets manag ed by pension funds are geared towards yield targets risk tolerance and shortterm and mediumterm liquidity requirements.  classification of the plan assets in properties shares funds corporate bonds other total the fair values of shares fund units fixedinterest securities and other investments are determined based on market prices in an active market.  the fair values of property are not based on market prices in an active m arket.  for the following year the estimated cash outflows of continuing operations for contributions to plan assets are shown below

Score 0.529
any return o f assets and income to the contributing companies is excluded.  the top bodies in the foundations comprise equal numbers of employer and employee representatives of the relevant companies.  the foundations are responsible for investments.  principles of secur ity risk distribution yield and liquidity must be observed in this process in order to be able to render the agreed benefits from the foundations assets when due.  both contributions paid into the pension funds and future benefits arising from these are reviewed regularly by the foundations bodies and may be changed after taking into account the foundations financial options

Score 0.526
classification of the plan assets in properties shares funds corporate bonds other total the fair values of shares fund units fixedinterest securities and other investments are determined based on market prices in an active market.  the fair values of property are not based on market prices in an active m arket.  for the following year the estimated cash outflows of continuing operations for contributions to plan assets are shown below.  estimated cash outflows to plan assets million employer contributions to plan assets employee contributions to plan assets the following cash outflows for the payment of pensions from the pension plans of continuing operations are expected for the following periods cash outflows for payments of pensions from pension plans million payments from pla n assets payments from companies letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the statement of financial position rheinmetall annual report other provisions classification of other provisions million human resources structural measures guarantees identifiable losses contractrelated costs other provisions total as of utilization reversal added provided for currency differences other as of of which current of which noncurrent as of utilization reversal added provided for adjustments in scope of consolidation currency differe nces other as of of which current of which noncurrent personnel provisions essentially relate to variable remunerati on of million previous year million and obligations from vacation overtime and flexitime accounts of million previous year million .  provisions for restructuring mainly relate to t ermination settlements and expenses for partial retirement obligations

Score 0.518
as of the end of the reporting period the default risk of fina ncial assets is checked and if necessary an impairment recognized on the basis of expected losses.  for trade receivables the simplified method is used applying the customer credit rating and specific country risks.  the loss allowance for expected defaul t risks is recognized in the income statement.  cash and cash equivalents are measured at amortized cost.  cash and cash equivalents comprise any liquid assets with a remaining term of less than three months at the date of their purchase

Score 0.518
a. u.  the share of financial assets in total assets subsequently increased from to .  receivables and other assets of million previous year million mainly comprise receivables from affiliated companies.  these originate almost exclusively from intragroup financing and central liquidity manage ment

Score 0.516
u.  the share of financial assets in total assets subsequently increased from to .  receivables and other assets of million previous year million mainly comprise receivables from affiliated companies.  these originate almost exclusively from intragroup financing and central liquidity manage ment.  the share of these receivables in total assets amounted to previous year

Score 0.51
principles of secur ity risk distribution yield and liquidity must be observed in this process in order to be able to render the agreed benefits from the foundations assets when due.  both contributions paid into the pension funds and future benefits arising from these are reviewed regularly by the foundations bodies and may be changed after taking into account the foundations financial options.  in the event of a shortage of cover the pension funds can levy remedial contributions from all associated employers if other mea sures do not lead to the desired result.  liability of the swiss subsidiaries towards the companies belonging to the pension funds is excluded.  at one swiss subsidiary letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the statement of fi nancial position rheinmetall annual report benefits from the pension fund provided for in accordance with the pension plan are also covered by an insurance policy

Score 0.507
the foundations are responsible for investments.  principles of secur ity risk distribution yield and liquidity must be observed in this process in order to be able to render the agreed benefits from the foundations assets when due.  both contributions paid into the pension funds and future benefits arising from these are reviewed regularly by the foundations bodies and may be changed after taking into account the foundations financial options.  in the event of a shortage of cover the pension funds can levy remedial contributions from all associated employers if other mea sures do not lead to the desired result.  liability of the swiss subsidiaries towards the companies belonging to the pension funds is excluded

Score 0.505
the top bodies in the foundations comprise equal numbers of employer and employee representatives of the relevant companies.  the foundations are responsible for investments.  principles of secur ity risk distribution yield and liquidity must be observed in this process in order to be able to render the agreed benefits from the foundations assets when due.  both contributions paid into the pension funds and future benefits arising from these are reviewed regularly by the foundations bodies and may be changed after taking into account the foundations financial options.  in the event of a shortage of cover the pension funds can levy remedial contributions from all associated employers if other mea sures do not lead to the desired result

Score 0.501
contract assets increased by million as against the previous year to million previous year million .  contract li abilities result from the excess of advance payments received and other customer payments over the performance already rendered.  approximately two thirds of contract liabilities included in the items at the beginning of the fiscal year were recognized as i ncome in fiscal .  contract liabilities increased by million to million previous year million .  in addition there are assets in c onnection with the acquisition of contracts with customers which are as follows assets recognized from the costs to obtain a contract with a customer million as of addition writedown reversal adjustment in scope of consolidation currency differences as of the assets from contract acquisition see note other assets relate to contracts with customers in security technol ogy and essentially comprise commissions for agents and indirect offset costs

Score 0.496
measured pension obligations of million previous year million are covered by plan assets of million previous year million .  other liabilities include liabilities to affiliated companies of million previous year million .  these originate almost exclusively from intragroup financing and central liquidity management.  the share of these liabilities in total assets declined from to .  letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information risks and opportunities risk management system rheinmetall annual re port risks and opportunities risk management system entrepreneurial behavior leverage opportunities reduce risks in light of rapid market changes increasing uncertainty the greater complexity of framework conditions that vary significantly from one country to the next and major technological progress business decisions are increasingly dependent on the ability to reliably evaluate potential risks

Score 0.496
the productsservices provided primarily relate to recognized sales proceed s from the sale of finished and unfinished goods and from construction contracts with project companies.  the receivables mainly include trade receivables contract assets and prepayments made.  the liabilities mainly relate to trade payables and contract li abilities.  the scope of relatedparty transactions is shown in the table below.  transactions with related parties joint ventures associated companies million productsservices provided productsservices received receivables incl

Score 0.493
contingent liabilities million letters of comfort other there are also obligations in connection with service agreements and oth er purchase commitments of million previous year million.  the purchase c ommitment from firm capital expenditure contracts totals million previous year million.  the increase in the above obligations relates to the groups growth and the positive order trend.  additional information on financial instruments financial i nstruments according to the measurement categories of ifrs measurement category in accordance with ifrs million amortized cost fair valueoci fair valuepl no category total trade receivables cash a nd cash equivalents securities held for trade derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial assets financial assets promissory notes commercial paper other financial debts trade liabilities derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives wi th cash flow hedge other financial liabilities financial liabilities letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolid ated financial statements other explanatory information rheinmetall annual report measurement category in accordance with ifrs million amortized cost fair valueoci fair val uepl no category total trade receivables cash and cash equivalents securities held for trade derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial assets financial assets convertible bond promissory notes commercial paper other financial debts trade liabilities derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial liabilities financial liabilities with trade receivables measured at amortized cost the carrying amount approximates the fair value.  the market value of financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value is determined on the basis of input factors observed directly or indirectly on the market level

Score 0.493
for the following year the estimated cash outflows of continuing operations for contributions to plan assets are shown below.  estimated cash outflows to plan assets million employer contributions to plan assets employee contributions to plan assets the following cash outflows for the payment of pensions from the pension plans of continuing operations are expected for the following periods cash outflows for payments of pensions from pension plans million payments from pla n assets payments from companies letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the statement of financial position rheinmetall annual report other provisions classification of other provisions million human resources structural measures guarantees identifiable losses contractrelated costs other provisions total as of utilization reversal added provided for currency differences other as of of which current of which noncurrent as of utilization reversal added provided for adjustments in scope of consolidation currency differe nces other as of of which current of which noncurrent personnel provisions essentially relate to variable remunerati on of million previous year million and obligations from vacation overtime and flexitime accounts of million previous year million .  provisions for restructuring mainly relate to t ermination settlements and expenses for partial retirement obligations.  the provisions for contractrelated costs comprise offset obligations of million previous year million contractual penalties of million previous year million price review risks of million previous year million contractrelated commissions of million previous year million and other contr act costs of million previous year million .  miscellaneous provisions relate to environmen tal risks at million previous year million rebates and bonuses at million previous year million as well as other individual provisions

Score 0.49
a. u.  the fund units held for trading strategic liquidity reserve not included in these figures were sold in full in previous ye ar million .  roce million net financial debts securities held for trade strategic liquidity reserve assets from pension val uation pension provisions equity capital employed average capital employed ebit roce in .

Score 0.489
no material cash outflows are expected here.  contingent liabilities million letters of comfort other there are also obligations in connection with service agreements and oth er purchase commitments of million previous year million.  the purchase c ommitment from firm capital expenditure contracts totals million previous year million.  the increase in the above obligations relates to the groups growth and the positive order trend.  additional information on financial instruments financial i nstruments according to the measurement categories of ifrs measurement category in accordance with ifrs million amortized cost fair valueoci fair valuepl no category total trade receivables cash a nd cash equivalents securities held for trade derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial assets financial assets promissory notes commercial paper other financial debts trade liabilities derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives wi th cash flow hedge other financial liabilities financial liabilities letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolid ated financial statements other explanatory information rheinmetall annual report measurement category in accordance with ifrs million amortized cost fair valueoci fair val uepl no category total trade receivables cash and cash equivalents securities held for trade derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial assets financial assets convertible bond promissory notes commercial paper other financial debts trade liabilities derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial liabilities financial liabilities with trade receivables measured at amortized cost the carrying amount approximates the fair value

Score 0.487
assets and liabilities that are not within the scope of the measurement requirements of ifrs are measured in accordance with the standards applicable to them.  the elimination entries for transactio ns between continuing and discontinued operations are assigned in full to discontinued operations.  in reporting the activities of the discontinued operation are not assigned to a reportable segment.  assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are re classified to the assets held for sale and liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale items in the statement of financial position.  the previous years statement of financial position items are not reclassified

Score 0.484
the pension funds are independent foundations that do not belong to the rheinmetall group whose funds are due solely to pension beneficiaries.  any return o f assets and income to the contributing companies is excluded.  the top bodies in the foundations comprise equal numbers of employer and employee representatives of the relevant companies.  the foundations are responsible for investments.  principles of secur ity risk distribution yield and liquidity must be observed in this process in order to be able to render the agreed benefits from the foundations assets when due

Score 0.482
in addition following a figure of million in the previous year million was paid into an external fund cta in the year under review to cover provisions for pensions and partial retirement obligations .  furthermore pension payments amounting to million were reimbursed by the cta.  payments for capital expenditure continuing operations increased from million in the previous year to million .  this is due in particular to the higher level of investment.  operating fre e cash flow from continuing operations defined as cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditure on intangible assets property plant and equipment and investment property accordingly improved from million to million

Score 0.482
net result from financial instruments million interest income interest expenses guarantee commission currency r esult loss allowances on trade receivables other previous year restated the items relate to financial instruments measured at amortized cost.  financial risks the operations and financing transactions of the rheinmetall group as an international group are exposed to financial market risks mainly from liquidity counterparty default electricity gas and commodity prices exchange rate volatility and interest rate changes.  in accordance with the groupwide ris k management system of rheinmetall ag such risks are not only identified analyzed and measured but also managed by taking actions to avoid contain or limit such risks.  inherent financial risks are actively managed to ensure that no significant risks ar ise from financial instruments as of the end of the reporting period.  derivative financial instruments derivative financial instruments are used to reduce currency and commodity price risks

Score 0.48
the previous years statement of financial position items are not reclassified.  in the income statement the earnings after taxes of the discontinued operations are combined in a separate item as earnings from discontinued operations.  the previous years figures in the income statement are restated accordingly.  the statement of cash flows continues to compr ise the cash flows of the entire group and is supplemented by an of which item for the net cash flows of discontinued operations.  contract assets and contract liabilities contract assets are recognized in connection with contracts with customers if in the case of contract manufacturing the cumulative sales recognized over time exceed the sum of the advance payments received and progress billings

Score 0.479
when determining the necessary financial scope rheinmetall takes great care to ensure that adequate reserves are held at all times.  counterparty risks arise in connection with deposits financing commitments or fina ncial receivables such as positive fair values from hedging transactions as a result of the relevant counterpartys inability to pay or insolvency.  rheinmetall manages these risks through limitbased creditworthinesslinked and widely diversified lending from commercial banks.  financial transactions are conducted exclusively with banking or insurance partners that have an investment grade rating from recognized rating agencies or comparable credit ratings.  moreover in the allocation of business emphasis is placed on ensuring that in addition to sufficient diversification of the counterparties themselves diversification is pursued at country level as well

Score 0.478
u.  the fund units held for trading strategic liquidity reserve not included in these figures were sold in full in previous ye ar million .  roce million net financial debts securities held for trade strategic liquidity reserve assets from pension val uation pension provisions equity capital employed average capital employed ebit roce in .  .  the figures for the previous year were restated as a result of the amended schedule for the disposal of and the retrospective atequity valuation of the investment in shriram pistons rings ltd

Score 0.478
a key element of business a ctivities in the divisions of the vehicle systems segment in the weapon and ammunition division and in the electronic solutions division comprises longterm customer contracts with different performance obligations.  thus sales are frequently recognized over a period of time.  the application of accounting standards also requires judgments in determining the type of sales realization and identifying individual performance obligations.  the acquisition of the shares in rheinmetall bae systems land ltd.  in requires rheinmetall to make payments to the bae groups pension fund for the entitlements earned by the acquired employees

Score 0.478
the carrying amount of the secured assets is described under note proper ty plant and equipment .  commercial paper there are various commercial paper instruments with a nominal value of million in total that serve the groups general corporate financing as of the end of the reporting period.  the cash and noncash changes in financial debts are shown below.  letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the statement of financial position rheinmetall annual report cash and noncash changes in financial debts million convertible bond promissory notes bank liabilities leasing commercial papers other total year year year year as of cash changes borrowing of financial debts repayment of finan cial debts noncash changes currency differences adjustment in scope of consolidation addition of rightofuse assets book transfers as of and cash changes borrowing of financial debts repayment of financial debts noncash changes currency differences adjustment in scope of consolid ation interest addition of rightofuse assets book transfers as of other liabilities classification of other liabilities million of which current of which noncurrent of which current of which noncurrent monies in transit from debt collection derivatives other financial liabili ties liabilities from other taxes liabilities from social security other nonfinancial liabilities other liabilities million of the other current financial liabilities is attributable to the purchase price adjustment to be paid to maxamcorp.  holding s

Score 0.476
operating expenses the denominator of operating expenditures is limited to certain expenses.  consequently the taxonomyrelevant transactions are also only a subset of this limited unit.  the denominator must inclu de direct noncapitalized expenses incurred for research and development building renovation measures shortterm leasing maintenance and repair and all other direct expenses from the maintenance of property plant and equipment to ensure operational re adiness.  here too we have used standardized reporting formats and thus include maintenance costs expenses for shortterm and lowvalue leases and noncapitalized expenses for research and development.  the additional determination of expenses for the da ily maintenance of assets has been carried out since

Score 0.476
there are three measurement categories for the subsequent measurement o f financial instruments measurement at amortized cost measurement at fair value through other comprehensive income fvoci and measurement at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl.  the relevant measurement category for a financial instru ment depends on the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset and the entitys business model for managing financial assets.  if the contractual cash flows comprise solely payments of principal and interest sppi and the business model i s hold financial instruments are measured at amortized cost.  financial instruments with sppi cash flows but the hold and sell business model are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.  if the sppi criterion is not met the financial instruments are likewise measured at fair value but the changes in value are recognized through profit or loss

Score 0.474
the service cost and the balance of entryleaving benefits are reported under perso nnel expenses.  the interest expense and interest income from pensions are netted in net interest income.  employers and employees made total payments of million to plan assets previous year million.  million previous year million of this relates to the allocation to cta assets for pension obligations in germany.  key pension plans the sta tements below refer to the pension plans of group companies based in germany switzerland and the uk

Score 0.471
riskmitigating effects are implemented through the management measures with the aim of safeguarding the profitability of ongoing business operations and rheinmetalls assets.  furthermore implemented contractual structures a nd where required use of primary and derivative financial instruments serve to mitigate potentially negative effects on earnings or assets.  to achieve its aims rheinmetall follows the principle of financial independence from individual banks and financi al service providers and the prevention of cluster risks.  for this reason rheinmetall has a broadly diversified portfolio of national and international financial partners for every service involved in processing operational business.  creditworthinesslinked counterparty limits are also used to limit financial default risks

Score 0.47
other financial assets measured at amortized cost are discounted by applying rates that match their maturity on firsttime recognition and written down using the effective interest method.  as of the end of the reporting period the default risk of fina ncial assets is checked and if necessary an impairment recognized on the basis of expected losses.  for trade receivables the simplified method is used applying the customer credit rating and specific country risks.  the loss allowance for expected defaul t risks is recognized in the income statement.  cash and cash equivalents are measured at amortized cost

Score 0.47
on this basis formal reporting takes place to the executive board and the heads of the divisions including in their capacities as heads of the relevant legal entities.  this risk reporting is based on bundled information o n risk types risk fields and the corresponding countermeasures and in contrast to ad hoc and operational risk management not explicitly on individual risks.  reporting from the various entities is concluded with the review of the risk portfolio by the ri sk managers and the subsequent release by the relevant cfo.  suitable preventive validation and corrective actions lower the probability of risks occurring or limit the extent of loss.  the risk management measures introduced are monitored on an ongoing bas is and where necessary adjusted in line with a new risk assessment

Score 0.469
notwithstanding this derivatives are recognized for the first time as of the date when the contract is concluded or the trading date.  there are three measurement categories for the subsequent measurement o f financial instruments measurement at amortized cost measurement at fair value through other comprehensive income fvoci and measurement at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl.  the relevant measurement category for a financial instru ment depends on the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset and the entitys business model for managing financial assets.  if the contractual cash flows comprise solely payments of principal and interest sppi and the business model i s hold financial instruments are measured at amortized cost.  financial instruments with sppi cash flows but the hold and sell business model are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income

Score 0.469
in addition equity increased by million due to the convertib le bond issue.  due to the increase in total assets the equity ratio fell to previous year .  provisions include pension provisions of million previous year million .  measured pension obligations of million previous year million are covered by plan assets of million previous year million .  other liabilities include liabilities to affiliated companies of million previous year million

Score 0.468
the fair values of property are not based on market prices in an active m arket.  for the following year the estimated cash outflows of continuing operations for contributions to plan assets are shown below.  estimated cash outflows to plan assets million employer contributions to plan assets employee contributions to plan assets the following cash outflows for the payment of pensions from the pension plans of continuing operations are expected for the following periods cash outflows for payments of pensions from pension plans million payments from pla n assets payments from companies letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the statement of financial position rheinmetall annual report other provisions classification of other provisions million human resources structural measures guarantees identifiable losses contractrelated costs other provisions total as of utilization reversal added provided for currency differences other as of of which current of which noncurrent as of utilization reversal added provided for adjustments in scope of consolidation currency differe nces other as of of which current of which noncurrent personnel provisions essentially relate to variable remunerati on of million previous year million and obligations from vacation overtime and flexitime accounts of million previous year million .  provisions for restructuring mainly relate to t ermination settlements and expenses for partial retirement obligations.  the provisions for contractrelated costs comprise offset obligations of million previous year million contractual penalties of million previous year million price review risks of million previous year million contractrelated commissions of million previous year million and other contr act costs of million previous year million

Score 0.468
liabilities to banks of million previous year million are secured by land charges and similar rights.  the carrying amount of the secured assets is described under note proper ty plant and equipment .  commercial paper there are various commercial paper instruments with a nominal value of million in total that serve the groups general corporate financing as of the end of the reporting period.  the cash and noncash changes in financial debts are shown below.  letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the statement of financial position rheinmetall annual report cash and noncash changes in financial debts million convertible bond promissory notes bank liabilities leasing commercial papers other total year year year year as of cash changes borrowing of financial debts repayment of finan cial debts noncash changes currency differences adjustment in scope of consolidation addition of rightofuse assets book transfers as of and cash changes borrowing of financial debts repayment of financial debts noncash changes currency differences adjustment in scope of consolid ation interest addition of rightofuse assets book transfers as of other liabilities classification of other liabilities million of which current of which noncurrent of which current of which noncurrent monies in transit from debt collection derivatives other financial liabili ties liabilities from other taxes liabilities from social security other nonfinancial liabilities other liabilities million of the other current financial liabilities is attributable to the purchase price adjustment to be paid to maxamcorp

Score 0.468
in addition to these obligations there are further contingent liabilities from legal disputes.  no material cash outflows are expected here.  contingent liabilities million letters of comfort other there are also obligations in connection with service agreements and oth er purchase commitments of million previous year million.  the purchase c ommitment from firm capital expenditure contracts totals million previous year million.  the increase in the above obligations relates to the groups growth and the positive order trend

Score 0.468
letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial as pects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report a portion of the taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned operating expenditure could be allocated to salesrelated activities.  the majority of our taxonomyeligible operating expenditure relates to areas in research and development that serve to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities.  t hey are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies.  in addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair o f property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the eu taxonomy regulation.

Score 0.467
receivables and other assets of million previous year million mainly comprise receivables from affiliated companies.  these originate almost exclusively from intragroup financing and central liquidity manage ment.  the share of these receivables in total assets amounted to previous year .  the securities portfolio in the previous year related to the shares in a special fund acquired at the end of as a strategic liquidity reserve.  these were dispos ed of in full in

Score 0.466
trade receivables and liquid financial assets are generally measured at amortized cost.  trade receivables classified by group companies as available for sale must be measured at fair value through other comprehensive inco me.  other financial assets measured at amortized cost are discounted by applying rates that match their maturity on firsttime recognition and written down using the effective interest method.  as of the end of the reporting period the default risk of fina ncial assets is checked and if necessary an impairment recognized on the basis of expected losses.  for trade receivables the simplified method is used applying the customer credit rating and specific country risks

Score 0.466
the liabilities mainly relate to trade payables and contract li abilities.  the scope of relatedparty transactions is shown in the table below.  transactions with related parties joint ventures associated companies million productsservices provided productsservices received receivables incl.  contract assets dec.  liabilities incl

Score 0.466
the statement of cash flows continues to compr ise the cash flows of the entire group and is supplemented by an of which item for the net cash flows of discontinued operations.  contract assets and contract liabilities contract assets are recognized in connection with contracts with customers if in the case of contract manufacturing the cumulative sales recognized over time exceed the sum of the advance payments received and progress billings.  as of the end of the reporting period this asset item is tested for impairment and if necessary an imp airment is recognized on the basis of expected losses.  if the recognized sales are lower than the sum of the advance payments received and progress billings a contract liability is recognized.  a contract liability is also recognized if advance payments ar e received and consideration has not yet been provided

Score 0.464
this is the date when the financial instrument is delivered or the payment is made.  notwithstanding this derivatives are recognized for the first time as of the date when the contract is concluded or the trading date.  there are three measurement categories for the subsequent measurement o f financial instruments measurement at amortized cost measurement at fair value through other comprehensive income fvoci and measurement at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl.  the relevant measurement category for a financial instru ment depends on the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset and the entitys business model for managing financial assets.  if the contractual cash flows comprise solely payments of principal and interest sppi and the business model i s hold financial instruments are measured at amortized cost

Score 0.464
please refer to the information under note investments accounted for using the equity method .  the unrealized financial income amounted to million as of december previous year million.  the increase in the net defined benefit from plan assets is explained under note provisions for pensions and simila r obligations .  the contract acquisition costs are explained in note sales .  the subsidiesgrants receivable essentially relate to grants paid by public administrative bodies to subsidize the inhouse development of new te chnologies

Score 0.463
increase in life expectancy by year by making defined benefit pension commitments the rheinmetall group is exposed to various risks.  as well as general actuarial risks arising from the measurement of pension obligations the plan assets harbor investment risks.  the investment strategy and composition of assets manag ed by pension funds are geared towards yield targets risk tolerance and shortterm and mediumterm liquidity requirements.  classification of the plan assets in properties shares funds corporate bonds other total the fair values of shares fund units fixedinterest securities and other investments are determined based on market prices in an active market.  the fair values of property are not based on market prices in an active m arket

Score 0.463
for further information see corporate management and control .  for relevant risks see risks and opportunities .  letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report eu taxonomy .  sustainable finance sustainable finance means taking account of environmental social and governance esg considerations when making investment decisions in the finance sector which should lead to longerterm investments in sustainable economic activities and projects.  in addition to climate change mitigation the ecological aspects also include adapting to climate change and environmental factors such as preserving biodiversity avoiding pollution and the circular economy

Score 0.462
in the case of a financial asset that is n ot measured at fair value through profit or loss incidental costs are included on firsttime recognition.  standard market purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized for the first time on the settlement date.  this is the date when the financial instrument is delivered or the payment is made.  notwithstanding this derivatives are recognized for the first time as of the date when the contract is concluded or the trading date.  there are three measurement categories for the subsequent measurement o f financial instruments measurement at amortized cost measurement at fair value through other comprehensive income fvoci and measurement at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl

Score 0.461
letter to shareholders combin ed management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements summary of accounting principles rheinmetall annual report investment property is carried at cost less cumulative depreciation and impairment.  depreciation is recognized on a straightline basis over a useful life of to years.  financial instruments the firsttime recognition of financial instruments is at fair value.  in the case of a financial asset that is n ot measured at fair value through profit or loss incidental costs are included on firsttime recognition.  standard market purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized for the first time on the settlement date

Score 0.461
letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report eu taxonomy .  sustainable finance sustainable finance means taking account of environmental social and governance esg considerations when making investment decisions in the finance sector which should lead to longerterm investments in sustainable economic activities and projects.  in addition to climate change mitigation the ecological aspects also include adapting to climate change and environmental factors such as preserving biodiversity avoiding pollution and the circular economy.  social parameters may for example relate to issues of inequality working conditions investments in local communities and human rights.  the management of public and privatesector companies and institutions including management structures relations between employers and employees and the remuneration of managers and employees plays a crucial role when it comes to including social and environmental considerations in decisionmaking processes

Score 0.46
a more detailed investigation into these matters was initiated.  work on these investigations has led to confirmation of a breach of the rules in cases .  corporate compliance acquisitions programs this functional area performs compliance analyses and compliance risk assessments for mergers and acquisitions transactions and major strategic or commercial projects.  it is coordinated by the head of corporate compliance and staffed on a project basis by compliance staff working centrally andor locally .  group data protection the executive board is responsible for setting up a groupwide data protection management system dpms

Score 0.46
cash and cash equivalents comprise any liquid assets with a remaining term of less than three months at the date of their purchase.  changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognized in the income statement.  if the conditions under ifrs are met they are accounted for as cash flow hedges.  the effective portion of the changes in the fair value of the designated derivative is re cognized in equity in the hedge reserve.  the cumulative changes in fair value are reclassified from equity to the income statement if the hedged item is recognized in the income statement

Score 0.459
the majority of our taxonomyeligible operating expenditure relates to areas in research and development that serve to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities.  t hey are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies.  in addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair o f property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the eu taxonomy regulation.  .  investment planning nonfinancial undertakings must disclose material information on investment planning for each of their specified economic activities

Score 0.457
it also helps to ensure that the corporate targets can be met.  it provides highquality information for group ma nagement clearly defines responsibilities for identifying and controlling risks ensures effective risk analysis control and monitoring thanks to clearly defined risk fields and types and closer dovetailing with other corporate governance systems.  it com prises the ad hoc operational and strategic risk management pillars and pursues the three lines of defence approach.  three lines of defence model the first line of defence lies with the management of the operating activities which is responsible f or recording assessing and managing the risks that arise there.  the second line of defence comprises the risk management the compliance management and the internal control system

Score 0.457
the previous years figures in the income statement are restated accordingly.  the statement of cash flows continues to compr ise the cash flows of the entire group and is supplemented by an of which item for the net cash flows of discontinued operations.  contract assets and contract liabilities contract assets are recognized in connection with contracts with customers if in the case of contract manufacturing the cumulative sales recognized over time exceed the sum of the advance payments received and progress billings.  as of the end of the reporting period this asset item is tested for impairment and if necessary an imp airment is recognized on the basis of expected losses.  if the recognized sales are lower than the sum of the advance payments received and progress billings a contract liability is recognized

Score 0.457
the receivables mainly include trade receivables contract assets and prepayments made.  the liabilities mainly relate to trade payables and contract li abilities.  the scope of relatedparty transactions is shown in the table below.  transactions with related parties joint ventures associated companies million productsservices provided productsservices received receivables incl.  contract assets dec

Score 0.455
pension development .  increase in life expectancy by year by making defined benefit pension commitments the rheinmetall group is exposed to various risks.  as well as general actuarial risks arising from the measurement of pension obligations the plan assets harbor investment risks.  the investment strategy and composition of assets manag ed by pension funds are geared towards yield targets risk tolerance and shortterm and mediumterm liquidity requirements.  classification of the plan assets in properties shares funds corporate bonds other total the fair values of shares fund units fixedinterest securities and other investments are determined based on market prices in an active market

Score 0.455
furthermore pension payments amounting to million were reimbursed by the cta.  payments for capital expenditure continuing operations increased from million in the previous year to million .  this is due in particular to the higher level of investment.  operating fre e cash flow from continuing operations defined as cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditure on intangible assets property plant and equipment and investment property accordingly improved from million to million .  derivation of operating free cash flow continuing operations million earnings from continuing operations after taxes amortization depreciation and impairments payment into external fund cta changes in working capital and others cash flows from operating activities investments in property plant and equipment intang ible assets and investment property operating free cash flow continuing operations the figures for the previous year were restated as a result of the amended schedule for the disposal of and the retrospective atequity valua tion of the investment in shriram pistons rings ltd

Score 0.454
the fund units held for trading strategic liquidity reserve not included in these figures were sold in full in previous ye ar million .  roce million net financial debts securities held for trade strategic liquidity reserve assets from pension val uation pension provisions equity capital employed average capital employed ebit roce in .  .  the figures for the previous year were restated as a result of the amended schedule for the disposal of and the retrospective atequity valuation of the investment in shriram pistons rings ltd.  roce reduced in the fiscal year from

Score 0.454
in addition we a udited the completeness and correctness of the disclosures in the notes to the consolidated financial statements required under ias .  .  revenue recognition over a period of time a in the consolidated financial statements of the company as at december an amount of million is recognized as revenue in the statement of profit or loss of which million was recognized according to the percentage of completion method.  a material part of the activities in the business with security technology is realized under longterm customerspecific agreements.  the balance sheet as at december shows contract assets and contract liabilities of million and million respectively

Score 0.454
.  operating expenses the denominator of operating expenditures is limited to certain expenses.  consequently the taxonomyrelevant transactions are also only a subset of this limited unit.  the denominator must inclu de direct noncapitalized expenses incurred for research and development building renovation measures shortterm leasing maintenance and repair and all other direct expenses from the maintenance of property plant and equipment to ensure operational re adiness.  here too we have used standardized reporting formats and thus include maintenance costs expenses for shortterm and lowvalue leases and noncapitalized expenses for research and development

Score 0.453
the main financ ial risks are liquidity risks counterparty risks and market price risks arising from changes in interest rates exchange rates or raw material prices.  liquidity risk is the risk that existing or future payment obligations cannot be met cannot be met on t ime or can be met only with excessive costs.  to manage this risk all cash transactions are recorded assessed and centrally aggregated within the scope of corporate planning and rolling monthly twelvemonth liquidity plans.  the values calculated are compa red with the available financial scope to identify any potential financing gaps early on.  scenarios such as catastropherelated sales slumps and payment defaults unexpected working capital requirements or reductions in credit facilities are simulated tak ing into account worstcase scenarios

Score 0.453
furthermore the passing of legislation or regu lations for the finance sector could cause institutional investors to restructure their portfolios and reduce or terminate their exposures in companies that operate in industries classed as critical.  possible sector exclusions e. g.  for the weapons and def ence industry could also limit our options to raise capital.  changes to the qualification criteria for being accepted to or remaining on stock indices could also harbor risks for our company

Score 0.453
the sales for include million previous year million which resulted from the inclusion of a financing component.  the following contract balances result from contracts with customers contrac t balances resulting from contracts with customers million trade receivables contract assets contract liabilities trade receivables are recognized as soon as the goods and services ha ve been transferred to the customer and there is an unconditional legal entitlement to the corresponding consideration.  the credit term for contracts with customers is predominantly days.  letter to shareholders combin ed management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the income state ment rheinmetall annual report contract assets exist for contracts with customers under which sa les are recognized over time and the performance rendered has not yet been billed.  contract assets increased by million as against the previous year to million previous year million

Score 0.452
company pension scheme introduced in monthly contributions have been paid into the trust assets on an ongoing basis since january .  the investment of the funds is based on a lifecycle model and takes place in various portfolios that ensure risk diversification.  contributions totaling million were paid over the course of .  at the end of the year the trust assets allocated to rheinmetall plus .  amounted to million

Score 0.452
governance this nonfinancial statement of the group which includes all continuing and discontinued business activities was prepared in line with th e requirements of sections b c in conjunction with sections c to e hgb.  pursuant to section b sentence hgb reference is made to the nonfinancial disclosures included in another part of the group management report for more detailed in formation on individual aspects.  we use the standards of the global reporting initiative gri as a reporting basis when preparing the nonfinancial statement.  in this way we want to ensure transparency and comparability.  the fiscal year is the reporting p eriod for the nonfinancial statement of the group and there is an annual reporting cycle

Score 0.451
the supervisory board is responsible for overseeing the process for preparing the esef documents as part of the finan cial reporting process.  group auditors responsibilities for the audit of the esef documents our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the esef documents are free from material intentional or unintentional noncompliance with the requirements of section hgb.  we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.  we also identify and assess the risks of material intentional or unintentional noncompliance with the requirementsof section hgb design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks and obtain auditevidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.  obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit on the esef documents in order to designaudit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing anassurance opinion on the effectiveness of these controls

Score 0.451
the rheinmetall groups financial resources comprise cash cash equivalents financial current assets available for sale and the cash provided by operating activities.  by contrast the capital requirements cover the redemption of financial liabilities principal and interest capital expenditure and the funds for the ongoing financing of operating activities.  share programs in fiscal the expense for sharebased payment for the rheinmetall group totaled million previous year million.  million previous year million of this is attributable to equitysettled commitments and million previous year million to cashsettled commitments.  as of december the carrying amount of rheinmetall groups liabilities recognized for sharebased payments was million previous year million and related entirely to cashsettled commitments

Score 0.45
this also applies to c ountry and counterparty risks.  riskmitigating effects are implemented through the management measures with the aim of safeguarding the profitability of ongoing business operations and rheinmetalls assets.  furthermore implemented contractual structures a nd where required use of primary and derivative financial instruments serve to mitigate potentially negative effects on earnings or assets.  to achieve its aims rheinmetall follows the principle of financial independence from individual banks and financi al service providers and the prevention of cluster risks.  for this reason rheinmetall has a broadly diversified portfolio of national and international financial partners for every service involved in processing operational business

Score 0.45
the carrying amounts of other intangible assets of million previous year million rightofuse assets of million previous year million property plant and equipment of million previous year million and investment property of million previous year million are assessed as of december to determine whether there are indications of a possible impairment and whether the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount.  when calculating the recoverable amounts assumpt ions and estimates are made on the cash flows from realizable sales prices costs and the discount rates.  the yield curves used in the measurement of derivatives include assumptions about the expected future development of interest rates taking into accou nt estimated liquidity risks dependent on terms.  moreover the measurement models used also incorporate parameters that are based on assumptions about volatilities and discount rates.  at the end of the reporting period discontinued operations are stated a t the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell

Score 0.45
the elimination entries for transactio ns between continuing and discontinued operations are assigned in full to discontinued operations.  in reporting the activities of the discontinued operation are not assigned to a reportable segment.  assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are re classified to the assets held for sale and liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale items in the statement of financial position.  the previous years statement of financial position items are not reclassified.  in the income statement the earnings after taxes of the discontinued operations are combined in a separate item as earnings from discontinued operations

Score 0.45
this was due in particular to the financing of the acquisition of expal systems s. a. u.  the fund units held for trading strategic liquidity reserve not included in these figures were sold in full in previous ye ar million .  roce million net financial debts securities held for trade strategic liquidity reserve assets from pension val uation pension provisions equity capital employed average capital employed ebit roce in

Score 0.45
the undiscounted contractually agreed payments from repayment and interes t components in connection with financial debts and derivative financial instruments as of the end of the reporting period are listed below.  letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements other explanatory information rheinmetall annual report cash outflows million from from promiss ory notes promissory notes commercial paper other bank liabilities other financial debts deriv atives with positive fair value cash outflow cash inflow derivatives with negative fair value cash outflow cash inflow the fair values of derivatives as of the end of the reporting period should be seen in the context of the associated underlyings whose values develops in the opposite direction to that of derivatives regardless of whether these have alre ady been recognized or are pending.  the derivatives would produce a cash outflow at the amount shown above only if they were terminated early.  the rheinmetall groups financial resources comprise cash cash equivalents financial current assets available for sale and the cash provided by operating activities.  by contrast the capital requirements cover the redemption of financial liabilities principal and interest capital expenditure and the funds for the ongoing financing of operating activities

Score 0.449
transactions with related parties joint ventures associated companies million productsservices provided productsservices received receivables incl.  contract assets dec.  liabilities incl.  contract liabilities dec.  receivables from finance leases dec

Score 0.448
to manage this risk all cash transactions are recorded assessed and centrally aggregated within the scope of corporate planning and rolling monthly twelvemonth liquidity plans.  the values calculated are compa red with the available financial scope to identify any potential financing gaps early on.  scenarios such as catastropherelated sales slumps and payment defaults unexpected working capital requirements or reductions in credit facilities are simulated tak ing into account worstcase scenarios.  when determining the necessary financial scope rheinmetall takes great care to ensure that adequate reserves are held at all times.  counterparty risks arise in connection with deposits financing commitments or fina ncial receivables such as positive fair values from hedging transactions as a result of the relevant counterpartys inability to pay or insolvency

Score 0.448
development of the major investments accounted for using the equity method hasco kspg nonferrous components kolbenhfe ig million net assets jan.  additions total comprehensive income earnings after taxes other comprehensive income capital increasepurchase of treasury shares dividend net assets dec.  invest ment in .  .  carrying amount of investment dec

Score 0.448
trade receivables classified by group companies as available for sale must be measured at fair value through other comprehensive inco me.  other financial assets measured at amortized cost are discounted by applying rates that match their maturity on firsttime recognition and written down using the effective interest method.  as of the end of the reporting period the default risk of fina ncial assets is checked and if necessary an impairment recognized on the basis of expected losses.  for trade receivables the simplified method is used applying the customer credit rating and specific country risks.  the loss allowance for expected defaul t risks is recognized in the income statement

Score 0.447
these activities can therefore be assigned to the manufacture of aircraft and are therefore included for the first time in this fi scal letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report year.  rheinmetall aviation services is also investing in the future production of military combat aircraft this year.  due to the fact that this category is an addition to the annex to the environmental objective climate change mitigation of the dele gated regulation published in june the economic activities in this category are not checked for conformity and are therefore reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  construction of new buildings .

Score 0.447
in addition to the carrying amounts of the liabilities that form letter to shareholders combin ed management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated fi nancial statements summary of accounting principles rheinmetall annual report part of such arrangements companies must also disclose the portion of these liabilities for which the suppliers have already received payments and the items of the statement of financial position under which these liabilities are reported.  furthermore disclosures must be made with regard to the ranges of the payment terms for these financial liabilities and for compar able trade payables that do not form part of such finance arrangements with suppliers.  as a result of the amendments to ifrs information on liquidity risk must also be provided for supplier finance arrangements.  the amendments to ias establish regul ations that can be used to determine whether two currencies are exchangeable with one another and how the exchange rates are to be determined if a currency is not exchangeable.  a currency is considered to be exchangeable if a company can exchange this curr ency into another at the measurement date on markets or using exchange mechanisms

Score 0.447
cash and cash equivalents are measured at amortized cost.  cash and cash equivalents comprise any liquid assets with a remaining term of less than three months at the date of their purchase.  changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognized in the income statement.  if the conditions under ifrs are met they are accounted for as cash flow hedges.  the effective portion of the changes in the fair value of the designated derivative is re cognized in equity in the hedge reserve

Score 0.447
the relevant measurement category for a financial instru ment depends on the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset and the entitys business model for managing financial assets.  if the contractual cash flows comprise solely payments of principal and interest sppi and the business model i s hold financial instruments are measured at amortized cost.  financial instruments with sppi cash flows but the hold and sell business model are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.  if the sppi criterion is not met the financial instruments are likewise measured at fair value but the changes in value are recognized through profit or loss.  in the case of debt instruments changes in value can be recognized through profit or loss despite fulfillment of the sppi criterion by exerci sing the fair value option

Score 0.446
interests and dividends interest income and expense are recognized on an accrual basis.  dividends are recognized i n income when the legal claim to payment is established.  summary of main measurement methods assets goodwill cost subsequent measurement impairment test other intangible assets amortized cost rightofuse assets amortized cost property pl ant and equipment amortized cost investment property amortized cost investments accounted for using the equity method equity method inventories amortized cost trade receivables amortized cost fvoci cash and cash equivalents amortized cost other financial assets hold business model sppi met amortized cost hold and sell business model sppi met fair value through other comprehensive income derivatives fair value through profit or loss all other financial assets fair value through profit or loss equity and liabilities provisions for pensions and similar obligation present value of dbo other provisions discounted settlement amount financial liabilities amortized cost trade liabilities amortized cost other liabilities derivatives fair value miscellaneous amortized cost fvoci fair value through other comprehensive income sppi solely payments of principal and interest estimates the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires assumptions and estimates affecting the application of accounting principles within the group and the disclosure of assets liabilities income and expenses.  when examining the recognition of goodwill of million as of december previous year million assumptions and estimates relating to forecasts and the discounting of futu re cash flows were made to calculate the recoverable amount of the relevant cashgenerating units.  details of the parameters used are provided under note

Score 0.446
the increase in the above obligations relates to the groups growth and the positive order trend.  additional information on financial instruments financial i nstruments according to the measurement categories of ifrs measurement category in accordance with ifrs million amortized cost fair valueoci fair valuepl no category total trade receivables cash a nd cash equivalents securities held for trade derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial assets financial assets promissory notes commercial paper other financial debts trade liabilities derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives wi th cash flow hedge other financial liabilities financial liabilities letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolid ated financial statements other explanatory information rheinmetall annual report measurement category in accordance with ifrs million amortized cost fair valueoci fair val uepl no category total trade receivables cash and cash equivalents securities held for trade derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial assets financial assets convertible bond promissory notes commercial paper other financial debts trade liabilities derivatives without hedge accounting derivatives with cash flow hedge other financial liabilities financial liabilities with trade receivables measured at amortized cost the carrying amount approximates the fair value.  the market value of financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value is determined on the basis of input factors observed directly or indirectly on the market level .  the foreign exchange rates applicable at the end of the reporting period and the yield curves are key inputs in calculating the fair value of derivatives for currency hedges.  the discounted cash flow method is used for currency swaps and currency forwards

Score 0.446
.  the previous years figures for the comparative period have been restated accordingly applying ifrs carrying amounts adjusted due to the change in me asurement of operating land the definition of the key finacial management indicator operating result was adjusted retrospectively in the third quarter of .  the figure for the previous year was also adjusted accordingly .  ebitaverage capital em ployed.  the prioryear figure for has been adjusted to reflect the new calculation methodology

Score 0.446
miscellaneous provisions relate to environmen tal risks at million previous year million rebates and bonuses at million previous year million as well as other individual provisions.  financial debts classification of financial d ebts million of which current of which noncurrent of which current of which noncurrent convertible bond promissory note loans bank liabilities leasing commercial paper other convertible bond on january rheinmetall ag issued a convertible bond with a total nominal value of billion in two tranches of million.  the first tranche maturing on february has an annual coupon of . .  the second tranche with an annual coupon of

Score 0.446
for relevant risks see risks and opportunities .  letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report eu taxonomy .  sustainable finance sustainable finance means taking account of environmental social and governance esg considerations when making investment decisions in the finance sector which should lead to longerterm investments in sustainable economic activities and projects.  in addition to climate change mitigation the ecological aspects also include adapting to climate change and environmental factors such as preserving biodiversity avoiding pollution and the circular economy.  social parameters may for example relate to issues of inequality working conditions investments in local communities and human rights

Score 0.445
in addition there are assets in c onnection with the acquisition of contracts with customers which are as follows assets recognized from the costs to obtain a contract with a customer million as of addition writedown reversal adjustment in scope of consolidation currency differences as of the assets from contract acquisition see note other assets relate to contracts with customers in security technol ogy and essentially comprise commissions for agents and indirect offset costs.  offset costs are usually incurred for contracts with customers in which the customer wishes to support the local economy in order to offset an import business through an additio nal agreement.  indirect offset costs are costs that are incurred in addition to the manufacturingrelated costs.  the assets are recognized at the time the costs arise and are written down in line with the sales recognition over the time of contract fulfill ment.  the order backlog as of december reflects the total of performance obligations not fulfilled or partly not yet fulfilled

Score 0.445
it also has the responsibility for disclosing as appli cable matters related to going concern.  in addition it is responsible for financial reporting based on the going concern basis of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the group or to cease operations or there is no realistic alternative but to do so.  furthermore the executive board is responsible for the preparation of the combined management report that as a whole provides an appropriate view of the groups position and is in all material respects consistent with the consolidated fin ancial statements complies with german legal requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development.  in addition the executive board is responsible for such arrangements and measures systems as it has considered nece ssary to enable the preparation of a combined management report that is in accordance with the applicable german legal requirements and to be able to provide sufficient appropriate evidence for the assertions in the combined management report.  the supervi sory board is responsible for overseeing the groups financial reporting process for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined management report

Score 0.444
contract li abilities result from the excess of advance payments received and other customer payments over the performance already rendered.  approximately two thirds of contract liabilities included in the items at the beginning of the fiscal year were recognized as i ncome in fiscal .  contract liabilities increased by million to million previous year million .  in addition there are assets in c onnection with the acquisition of contracts with customers which are as follows assets recognized from the costs to obtain a contract with a customer million as of addition writedown reversal adjustment in scope of consolidation currency differences as of the assets from contract acquisition see note other assets relate to contracts with customers in security technol ogy and essentially comprise commissions for agents and indirect offset costs.  offset costs are usually incurred for contracts with customers in which the customer wishes to support the local economy in order to offset an import business through an additio nal agreement

Score 0.444
the following contract balances result from contracts with customers contrac t balances resulting from contracts with customers million trade receivables contract assets contract liabilities trade receivables are recognized as soon as the goods and services ha ve been transferred to the customer and there is an unconditional legal entitlement to the corresponding consideration.  the credit term for contracts with customers is predominantly days.  letter to shareholders combin ed management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the income state ment rheinmetall annual report contract assets exist for contracts with customers under which sa les are recognized over time and the performance rendered has not yet been billed.  contract assets increased by million as against the previous year to million previous year million .  contract li abilities result from the excess of advance payments received and other customer payments over the performance already rendered

Score 0.443
in the income statement the earnings after taxes of the discontinued operations are combined in a separate item as earnings from discontinued operations.  the previous years figures in the income statement are restated accordingly.  the statement of cash flows continues to compr ise the cash flows of the entire group and is supplemented by an of which item for the net cash flows of discontinued operations.  contract assets and contract liabilities contract assets are recognized in connection with contracts with customers if in the case of contract manufacturing the cumulative sales recognized over time exceed the sum of the advance payments received and progress billings.  as of the end of the reporting period this asset item is tested for impairment and if necessary an imp airment is recognized on the basis of expected losses

Score 0.443
estimated cash outflows to plan assets million employer contributions to plan assets employee contributions to plan assets the following cash outflows for the payment of pensions from the pension plans of continuing operations are expected for the following periods cash outflows for payments of pensions from pension plans million payments from pla n assets payments from companies letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements notes to the statement of financial position rheinmetall annual report other provisions classification of other provisions million human resources structural measures guarantees identifiable losses contractrelated costs other provisions total as of utilization reversal added provided for currency differences other as of of which current of which noncurrent as of utilization reversal added provided for adjustments in scope of consolidation currency differe nces other as of of which current of which noncurrent personnel provisions essentially relate to variable remunerati on of million previous year million and obligations from vacation overtime and flexitime accounts of million previous year million .  provisions for restructuring mainly relate to t ermination settlements and expenses for partial retirement obligations.  the provisions for contractrelated costs comprise offset obligations of million previous year million contractual penalties of million previous year million price review risks of million previous year million contractrelated commissions of million previous year million and other contr act costs of million previous year million .  miscellaneous provisions relate to environmen tal risks at million previous year million rebates and bonuses at million previous year million as well as other individual provisions.  financial debts classification of financial d ebts million of which current of which noncurrent of which current of which noncurrent convertible bond promissory note loans bank liabilities leasing commercial paper other convertible bond on january rheinmetall ag issued a convertible bond with a total nominal value of billion in two tranches of million

Score 0.443
fund units held for trading were measured at the market value for each asset class until the reversal of the investment.  the other financial ass ets measured at fair value through profit or loss include the shares in shriram pistons rings ltd.  as these are traded on the indian stock exchange the input factors can be directly observed on the market level .  please refer to the information under note other assets .  the net result from financi al assets and liabilities allocated to the category at fair value through profit or loss amounted to income of million previous year loss of million

Score 0.443
assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are re classified to the assets held for sale and liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale items in the statement of financial position.  the previous years statement of financial position items are not reclassified.  in the income statement the earnings after taxes of the discontinued operations are combined in a separate item as earnings from discontinued operations.  the previous years figures in the income statement are restated accordingly.  the statement of cash flows continues to compr ise the cash flows of the entire group and is supplemented by an of which item for the net cash flows of discontinued operations

Score 0.443
pension plans are financed by contributions mad e by the employer and employee primarily at a rate of each which are paid into pension funds.  the pension funds are independent foundations that do not belong to the rheinmetall group whose funds are due solely to pension beneficiaries.  any return o f assets and income to the contributing companies is excluded.  the top bodies in the foundations comprise equal numbers of employer and employee representatives of the relevant companies.  the foundations are responsible for investments

Score 0.443
assets held for sale and associated liabilities in discontinued operations a discontinued operation is a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations that either is held for sale or has already been sold and is clearly distinct from the entitys other operations both from a business perspective and for the purposes of financial reporting.  a discontinued operation classified as held for sale in accordance with the cr iteria of ifrs is recognized in the consolidated financial statements under discontinued operations.  at the reclassification date the discontinued operation is stated at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.  depreciation and am ortization are suspended from the reclassification date.  assets and liabilities that are not within the scope of the measurement requirements of ifrs are measured in accordance with the standards applicable to them