Scores_e_WATER SUPPLY; SEWERAGE, WASTE MANAGEMENT AND REMEDIATION ACTIVITIESScore 0.696
waste management in all our production processes we strive to be efficient in our use of materials.  we prevent reduce or recycle waste or dispose of it in a safe and environmentally friendly way.  we aim to keep disposal quantities to as low a level as possible.  production and materialrelated recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site.  this entails waste separation secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes

Score 0.686
production and materialrelated recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site.  this entails waste separation secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes.  waste quantities and recycling methods are also impacted by production quantities and renovation work in buildings and on business premi ses.  the groupwide waste volume of tonnes in the reporting year compared to tonnes in the previous year is the result of our increased business volume.  waste generation t nonhazardous waste for disposal nonhazardous waste for recycling excluding scrap scrap for recycling hazardous waste for disposal hazardous waste for recycling rheinmetall group water management global wate r consumption has increased sixfold over the past one hundred years

Score 0.685
we prevent reduce or recycle waste or dispose of it in a safe and environmentally friendly way.  we aim to keep disposal quantities to as low a level as possible.  production and materialrelated recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site.  this entails waste separation secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes.  waste quantities and recycling methods are also impacted by production quantities and renovation work in buildings and on business premi ses

Score 0.674
we aim to keep disposal quantities to as low a level as possible.  production and materialrelated recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site.  this entails waste separation secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes.  waste quantities and recycling methods are also impacted by production quantities and renovation work in buildings and on business premi ses.  the groupwide waste volume of tonnes in the reporting year compared to tonnes in the previous year is the result of our increased business volume

Score 0.671
this entails waste separation secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes.  waste quantities and recycling methods are also impacted by production quantities and renovation work in buildings and on business premi ses.  the groupwide waste volume of tonnes in the reporting year compared to tonnes in the previous year is the result of our increased business volume.  waste generation t nonhazardous waste for disposal nonhazardous waste for recycling excluding scrap scrap for recycling hazardous waste for disposal hazardous waste for recycling rheinmetall group water management global wate r consumption has increased sixfold over the past one hundred years.  water is therefore becoming an increasingly scarce commodity

Score 0.624
the groupwide waste volume of tonnes in the reporting year compared to tonnes in the previous year is the result of our increased business volume.  waste generation t nonhazardous waste for disposal nonhazardous waste for recycling excluding scrap scrap for recycling hazardous waste for disposal hazardous waste for recycling rheinmetall group water management global wate r consumption has increased sixfold over the past one hundred years.  water is therefore becoming an increasingly scarce commodity.  according to the unesco world water report the consequences of climate change population growth and rising consumption mea n that more than five billion people will suffer from water shortages by if things continue as they are.  responsible use of water is an integral part of our commitment to sustainability

Score 0.612
waste quantities and recycling methods are also impacted by production quantities and renovation work in buildings and on business premi ses.  the groupwide waste volume of tonnes in the reporting year compared to tonnes in the previous year is the result of our increased business volume.  waste generation t nonhazardous waste for disposal nonhazardous waste for recycling excluding scrap scrap for recycling hazardous waste for disposal hazardous waste for recycling rheinmetall group water management global wate r consumption has increased sixfold over the past one hundred years.  water is therefore becoming an increasingly scarce commodity.  according to the unesco world water report the consequences of climate change population growth and rising consumption mea n that more than five billion people will suffer from water shortages by if things continue as they are

Score 0.598
waste generation t nonhazardous waste for disposal nonhazardous waste for recycling excluding scrap scrap for recycling hazardous waste for disposal hazardous waste for recycling rheinmetall group water management global wate r consumption has increased sixfold over the past one hundred years.  water is therefore becoming an increasingly scarce commodity.  according to the unesco world water report the consequences of climate change population growth and rising consumption mea n that more than five billion people will suffer from water shortages by if things continue as they are.  responsible use of water is an integral part of our commitment to sustainability.  letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities environmental protection and conservation rheinmetall annual report the availability of water as a resource is highly dependent on regional and local geographical and sociopolitical conditions

Score 0.597
handling materials energy water and waste in a considered manner not only protects t he environment but also reduces costs at the same time.  we continue to strive to use resources even more efficiently.  safe and modern facilities at certified production sites ensure resourceconserving and lowemission production processes as far as possi ble.  countryspecific regulations and the requirements of international standards for quality iso iatf and aqap environmental protection iso and energy management systems iso are observed and processes are certified accordingly.  regular audits ensure transparency in terms of the status quo and provide objective confirmation of high quality standards

Score 0.575
accounting provisions have been recognized for necessary measures to safeguard against or clean up identified pollution.  the elimination of leaks or the cleanup of effects resulting from technical failure could give rise to direct costs for the company.  it is possi ble that the relevant authorities may issue regulations that require costly cleanup measures.  we counter potential environmental risks by implementing statutory environmental standards certified environmental management systems proper and safe storage o f hazardous substances and environmentally friendly disposal of waste and hazardous materials via certified service providers.  at our different locations special organizational units ensure that the relevant legislation and regulations are observed and t hat further technical options for mitigating environmental risks are identified

Score 0.57
environmental management we make every effort to further minimize our environmental impact with the best economically viable technology.  the careful use of natural re sources is supported through the use of modern technology and contemporary process letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities environmental protection and conservation rheinmetall annual report technologies which help to reduce emissions and the use of water among other things.  handling materials energy water and waste in a considered manner not only protects t he environment but also reduces costs at the same time.  we continue to strive to use resources even more efficiently.  safe and modern facilities at certified production sites ensure resourceconserving and lowemission production processes as far as possi ble

Score 0.564
in this context the appendices a generic criteria for dnsh to climate change adaptation b generic criteria for dnsh to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources and d generic criteria for dnsh to protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems were evaluated for the economic activities concerned and made letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report available to the sites for verification.  after verification and any necessary adjustments as well as documentation of evidence this package was merged centrally.  appendix c generic criteria for dnsh to pollution prevention and control regarding use and presence of chemicals required a more comprehensive consideration and interpretation.  in this context the terms production placing on the market and use were defined a s follows production a harmful substance is produced for the first time in ones own company.  this does not yet include an external effect

Score 0.556
both the efficient use of electricity and water and the use of waste heat in our production to save natural resources for heat generation were focus areas of the further taxonomyeligible capital expenditure.  .  operating expenses the denominator of operating expenditures is limited to certain expenses.  consequently the taxonomyrelevant transactions are also only a subset of this limited unit.  the denominator must inclu de direct noncapitalized expenses incurred for research and development building renovation measures shortterm leasing maintenance and repair and all other direct expenses from the maintenance of property plant and equipment to ensure operational re adiness

Score 0.551
as a result of quickly implemented political measures on climate protection due to technical progress or from changes in market sentiment and consumer preferences.  in view of the mandatory csrd reporting for our company from the fiscal year which also covers the tcfd recommendations we have decided not to include any additional voluntary reporting for the fiscal year.  waste management in all our production processes we strive to be efficient in our use of materials.  we prevent reduce or recycle waste or dispose of it in a safe and environmentally friendly way.  we aim to keep disposal quantities to as low a level as possible

Score 0.548
the survey on the requirements of these annexes was prepared centrally.  in this context the appendices a generic criteria for dnsh to climate change adaptation b generic criteria for dnsh to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources and d generic criteria for dnsh to protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems were evaluated for the economic activities concerned and made letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report available to the sites for verification.  after verification and any necessary adjustments as well as documentation of evidence this package was merged centrally.  appendix c generic criteria for dnsh to pollution prevention and control regarding use and presence of chemicals required a more comprehensive consideration and interpretation.  in this context the terms production placing on the market and use were defined a s follows production a harmful substance is produced for the first time in ones own company

Score 0.548
in view of the mandatory csrd reporting for our company from the fiscal year which also covers the tcfd recommendations we have decided not to include any additional voluntary reporting for the fiscal year.  waste management in all our production processes we strive to be efficient in our use of materials.  we prevent reduce or recycle waste or dispose of it in a safe and environmentally friendly way.  we aim to keep disposal quantities to as low a level as possible.  production and materialrelated recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site

Score 0.546
it is possi ble that the relevant authorities may issue regulations that require costly cleanup measures.  we counter potential environmental risks by implementing statutory environmental standards certified environmental management systems proper and safe storage o f hazardous substances and environmentally friendly disposal of waste and hazardous materials via certified service providers.  at our different locations special organizational units ensure that the relevant legislation and regulations are observed and t hat further technical options for mitigating environmental risks are identified.  the tightening of environmental protection provisions and environmental standards could lead to additional unplanned costs and liability risks over which rheinmetall would hav e no influence.  for certain environmental risks we have taken out liability insurance policies with coverage amounts that we consider customary and appropriate for the industry

Score 0.546
the elimination of leaks or the cleanup of effects resulting from technical failure could give rise to direct costs for the company.  it is possi ble that the relevant authorities may issue regulations that require costly cleanup measures.  we counter potential environmental risks by implementing statutory environmental standards certified environmental management systems proper and safe storage o f hazardous substances and environmentally friendly disposal of waste and hazardous materials via certified service providers.  at our different locations special organizational units ensure that the relevant legislation and regulations are observed and t hat further technical options for mitigating environmental risks are identified.  the tightening of environmental protection provisions and environmental standards could lead to additional unplanned costs and liability risks over which rheinmetall would hav e no influence

Score 0.544
the careful use of natural re sources is supported through the use of modern technology and contemporary process letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities environmental protection and conservation rheinmetall annual report technologies which help to reduce emissions and the use of water among other things.  handling materials energy water and waste in a considered manner not only protects t he environment but also reduces costs at the same time.  we continue to strive to use resources even more efficiently.  safe and modern facilities at certified production sites ensure resourceconserving and lowemission production processes as far as possi ble.  countryspecific regulations and the requirements of international standards for quality iso iatf and aqap environmental protection iso and energy management systems iso are observed and processes are certified accordingly

Score 0.543
.  acquisi tion and ownership of buildings buying real estate and exercising ownership of that real estate.  rheinmetall immobilien gmbh environmental objective circular economy . . depollution and dismantling of endoflife products construction operatio n and modernization of facilities for the dismantling and removal of pollutants from complex endoflife products movable goods and their components for the purpose of material recovery or preparation for reuse of components

Score 0.538
appendix c generic criteria for dnsh to pollution prevention and control regarding use and presence of chemicals required a more comprehensive consideration and interpretation.  in this context the terms production placing on the market and use were defined a s follows production a harmful substance is produced for the first time in ones own company.  this does not yet include an external effect.  placing on the market the harmful substance is introduced onto the market for the first time by the own company and thus has an external effect.  use a harmful substance or a product containing the harmful substance is introduced into a product by the company for the first time in production manufacturing or assembly

Score 0.536
in some cases pollutants are also removed during dismantling.  this is done by completely stripping the paint from the vehicles.  this involves removing the chromium vicontaining primers used until which are harmful to health.  all economic activities i n which both dismantling and the removal of harmful substances such as complete paint stripping are carried out are considered taxonomycompliant.  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components

Score 0.526
acquisi tion and ownership of buildings buying real estate and exercising ownership of that real estate.  rheinmetall immobilien gmbh environmental objective circular economy . . depollution and dismantling of endoflife products construction operatio n and modernization of facilities for the dismantling and removal of pollutants from complex endoflife products movable goods and their components for the purpose of material recovery or preparation for reuse of components.  rheinmetall landsysteme gmbh

Score 0.521
a large amount of land owned by the rheinmetall group has been subject to indus trial usage for decades.  for this reason it cannot be ruled out that contamination for example as a result of production processes or processes to test munitions has also been generated during this time that rheinmetall is not yet aware of.  accounting provisions have been recognized for necessary measures to safeguard against or clean up identified pollution.  the elimination of leaks or the cleanup of effects resulting from technical failure could give rise to direct costs for the company.  it is possi ble that the relevant authorities may issue regulations that require costly cleanup measures

Score 0.52
for this reason it cannot be ruled out that contamination for example as a result of production processes or processes to test munitions has also been generated during this time that rheinmetall is not yet aware of.  accounting provisions have been recognized for necessary measures to safeguard against or clean up identified pollution.  the elimination of leaks or the cleanup of effects resulting from technical failure could give rise to direct costs for the company.  it is possi ble that the relevant authorities may issue regulations that require costly cleanup measures.  we counter potential environmental risks by implementing statutory environmental standards certified environmental management systems proper and safe storage o f hazardous substances and environmentally friendly disposal of waste and hazardous materials via certified service providers

Score 0.518
this capital expenditure primarily related to energy optimization measures at the groups locations.  both the efficient use of electricity and water and the use of waste heat in our production to save natural resources for heat generation were focus areas of the further taxonomyeligible capital expenditure.  .  operating expenses the denominator of operating expenditures is limited to certain expenses.  consequently the taxonomyrelevant transactions are also only a subset of this limited unit

Score 0.518
although we have organizational structures and procedures in place to ensure that we comply with applicable government regulations in the conduct of our business it cannot be entirely ruled out that violations of appl icable government regulations could occur on our part or on the part of third parties with whom we have a contractual relationship and whose actions could be attributed to us.  a large amount of land owned by the rheinmetall group has been subject to indus trial usage for decades.  for this reason it cannot be ruled out that contamination for example as a result of production processes or processes to test munitions has also been generated during this time that rheinmetall is not yet aware of.  accounting provisions have been recognized for necessary measures to safeguard against or clean up identified pollution.  the elimination of leaks or the cleanup of effects resulting from technical failure could give rise to direct costs for the company

Score 0.516
using raw materials and energy economically and avoiding environmental damage in business and production processes a re also among the key foundations on which the group companies business activities are based as is dealing with residual materials and emissions responsibly.  it is of key importance here that environmental protection in keeping with a holistic approach is considered an integral part of our management system in the rheinmetall companies.  environmental management we make every effort to further minimize our environmental impact with the best economically viable technology.  the careful use of natural re sources is supported through the use of modern technology and contemporary process letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities environmental protection and conservation rheinmetall annual report technologies which help to reduce emissions and the use of water among other things.  handling materials energy water and waste in a considered manner not only protects t he environment but also reduces costs at the same time

Score 0.515
all economic activities i n which both dismantling and the removal of harmful substances such as complete paint stripping are carried out are considered taxonomycompliant.  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components .  this category includes the prep aration for reuse of endoflife products and product components at the end of their service life.  ms motorservice france s.  a

Score 0.508
this involves completely dismantling old vehicles down to the vehicle hull and refurbishing or modernizing them.  in some cases pollutants are also removed during dismantling.  this is done by completely stripping the paint from the vehicles.  this involves removing the chromium vicontaining primers used until which are harmful to health.  all economic activities i n which both dismantling and the removal of harmful substances such as complete paint stripping are carried out are considered taxonomycompliant

Score 0.506
we evaluate measures that go above and beyond compliance with legal r equirements on a cost benefit basis.  although we have organizational structures and procedures in place to ensure that we comply with applicable government regulations in the conduct of our business it cannot be entirely ruled out that violations of appl icable government regulations could occur on our part or on the part of third parties with whom we have a contractual relationship and whose actions could be attributed to us.  a large amount of land owned by the rheinmetall group has been subject to indus trial usage for decades.  for this reason it cannot be ruled out that contamination for example as a result of production processes or processes to test munitions has also been generated during this time that rheinmetall is not yet aware of.  accounting provisions have been recognized for necessary measures to safeguard against or clean up identified pollution

Score 0.505
rheinmetall immobilien gmbh environmental objective circular economy . . depollution and dismantling of endoflife products construction operatio n and modernization of facilities for the dismantling and removal of pollutants from complex endoflife products movable goods and their components for the purpose of material recovery or preparation for reuse of components.  rheinmetall landsysteme gmbh .  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components preparation for the reuse of products and components at the end of their service life

Score 0.502
on this basis the relev ant categories with the associated criteria sets were identified and all nonapplicable categories were excluded.  for environmental objective climate change adaptation no economic activity was identified in the allocation of economic activities phas e.  as in previous years this was therefore not taken into account.  similarly no economic activity could be identified for the environmental objective sustainable use and letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business ac tivities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report protection of water and marine resources and environmental objective protect ion and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems in the classification of economic activities phase.  in the annexes to environmental objectives of the delegated regulation there were also some changes to the wording regarding compliance with the nace codes which stipulate a stricter interpretation

Score 0.501
g.  as a result of quickly implemented political measures on climate protection due to technical progress or from changes in market sentiment and consumer preferences.  in view of the mandatory csrd reporting for our company from the fiscal year which also covers the tcfd recommendations we have decided not to include any additional voluntary reporting for the fiscal year.  waste management in all our production processes we strive to be efficient in our use of materials.  we prevent reduce or recycle waste or dispose of it in a safe and environmentally friendly way

Score 0.5
we counter potential environmental risks by implementing statutory environmental standards certified environmental management systems proper and safe storage o f hazardous substances and environmentally friendly disposal of waste and hazardous materials via certified service providers.  at our different locations special organizational units ensure that the relevant legislation and regulations are observed and t hat further technical options for mitigating environmental risks are identified.  the tightening of environmental protection provisions and environmental standards could lead to additional unplanned costs and liability risks over which rheinmetall would hav e no influence.  for certain environmental risks we have taken out liability insurance policies with coverage amounts that we consider customary and appropriate for the industry.  losses could be incurred from environmental damage that exceed the insured am ounts or are not covered by insurance

Score 0.497
depollution and dismantling of endoflife products construction operatio n and modernization of facilities for the dismantling and removal of pollutants from complex endoflife products movable goods and their components for the purpose of material recovery or preparation for reuse of components.  rheinmetall landsysteme gmbh .  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components preparation for the reuse of products and components at the end of their service life.  ms motorservice france s. a

Score 0.495
operating expenses the denominator of operating expenditures is limited to certain expenses.  consequently the taxonomyrelevant transactions are also only a subset of this limited unit.  the denominator must inclu de direct noncapitalized expenses incurred for research and development building renovation measures shortterm leasing maintenance and repair and all other direct expenses from the maintenance of property plant and equipment to ensure operational re adiness.  here too we have used standardized reporting formats and thus include maintenance costs expenses for shortterm and lowvalue leases and noncapitalized expenses for research and development.  the additional determination of expenses for the da ily maintenance of assets has been carried out since

Score 0.493
. depollution and dismantling of endoflife products construction operatio n and modernization of facilities for the dismantling and removal of pollutants from complex endoflife products movable goods and their components for the purpose of material recovery or preparation for reuse of components.  rheinmetall landsysteme gmbh .  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components preparation for the reuse of products and components at the end of their service life.  ms motorservice france s

Score 0.492
environmental prot ection and conservation management approach business activities and in particular production processes are associated with the consumption of natural resources.  from our perspective environmental protection and conservation play a major role in ensuring we have a sustainable future that is worth living.  the careful use of natural resources is part of how the rheinmetall group views itself.  using raw materials and energy economically and avoiding environmental damage in business and production processes a re also among the key foundations on which the group companies business activities are based as is dealing with residual materials and emissions responsibly.  it is of key importance here that environmental protection in keeping with a holistic approach is considered an integral part of our management system in the rheinmetall companies

Score 0.491
it is of key importance here that environmental protection in keeping with a holistic approach is considered an integral part of our management system in the rheinmetall companies.  environmental management we make every effort to further minimize our environmental impact with the best economically viable technology.  the careful use of natural re sources is supported through the use of modern technology and contemporary process letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities environmental protection and conservation rheinmetall annual report technologies which help to reduce emissions and the use of water among other things.  handling materials energy water and waste in a considered manner not only protects t he environment but also reduces costs at the same time.  we continue to strive to use resources even more efficiently

Score 0.491
after verification and any necessary adjustments as well as documentation of evidence this package was merged centrally.  appendix c generic criteria for dnsh to pollution prevention and control regarding use and presence of chemicals required a more comprehensive consideration and interpretation.  in this context the terms production placing on the market and use were defined a s follows production a harmful substance is produced for the first time in ones own company.  this does not yet include an external effect.  placing on the market the harmful substance is introduced onto the market for the first time by the own company and thus has an external effect

Score 0.488
similarly no economic activity could be identified for the environmental objective sustainable use and letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business ac tivities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report protection of water and marine resources and environmental objective protect ion and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems in the classification of economic activities phase.  in the annexes to environmental objectives of the delegated regulation there were also some changes to the wording regarding compliance with the nace codes which stipulate a stricter interpretation.  while the wording a the economic activities in this category could be associated with several nace codes is always used in environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation the categories in environmental objectives now often contain the wording b the economic activity relates to . .

Score 0.486
we continue to strive to use resources even more efficiently.  safe and modern facilities at certified production sites ensure resourceconserving and lowemission production processes as far as possi ble.  countryspecific regulations and the requirements of international standards for quality iso iatf and aqap environmental protection iso and energy management systems iso are observed and processes are certified accordingly.  regular audits ensure transparency in terms of the status quo and provide objective confirmation of high quality standards.  energy management we need a sufficient energy supply which is associated with corresponding co emissions to manufac ture our products and operate our buildings and infrastructure

Score 0.483
compared to the previous year water purchases increased by around .  influencing factors included a significant expansion in business activities which resulted in higher water consumption.  water use m fresh water on the basis of new input data for individual companies the overall figure for was restated.  conservation encouraging biodiversity our responsibility also includes preserving the diversity of natural habitats especially for future generations.  we are convinced that industrial use does not have to conflict with active conservation

Score 0.483
the sales associated with the described activity are therefore to be regarded as taxonomycompliant in the present category.  .  do no significant harm to any of the environmental objectives dnsh this approach can essentially be divided int o three phases centralized evaluation locationspecific verification and individual consideration.  for the environmental objectives to be verified not only individual activityrelated requirements but also separate appendices ad were published as par t of annex of eu and the other annexes to regulation eu which apply to a large number of activities and prescribe sitespecific requirements.  the survey on the requirements of these annexes was prepared centrally

Score 0.482
the results will be taken into account in business continuity management e. g.  for the development of adequate and longterm protective measures as well as for preventive measures.  in fiscal scenario analyses were also carried out for around production sites under the letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities environment al protection and conservation rheinmetall annual report representative concentration pathways rcp .

Score 0.479
the careful use of natural resources is part of how the rheinmetall group views itself.  using raw materials and energy economically and avoiding environmental damage in business and production processes a re also among the key foundations on which the group companies business activities are based as is dealing with residual materials and emissions responsibly.  it is of key importance here that environmental protection in keeping with a holistic approach is considered an integral part of our management system in the rheinmetall companies.  environmental management we make every effort to further minimize our environmental impact with the best economically viable technology.  the careful use of natural re sources is supported through the use of modern technology and contemporary process letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities environmental protection and conservation rheinmetall annual report technologies which help to reduce emissions and the use of water among other things

Score 0.479
as part of the reconditioning process they are prepared so that they can be reused in a vehicle without further processing.  the sales associated with the described activity are therefore to be regarded as taxonomycompliant in the present category.  .  do no significant harm to any of the environmental objectives dnsh this approach can essentially be divided int o three phases centralized evaluation locationspecific verification and individual consideration.  for the environmental objectives to be verified not only individual activityrelated requirements but also separate appendices ad were published as par t of annex of eu and the other annexes to regulation eu which apply to a large number of activities and prescribe sitespecific requirements

Score 0.478
as in previous years this was therefore not taken into account.  similarly no economic activity could be identified for the environmental objective sustainable use and letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business ac tivities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report protection of water and marine resources and environmental objective protect ion and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems in the classification of economic activities phase.  in the annexes to environmental objectives of the delegated regulation there were also some changes to the wording regarding compliance with the nace codes which stipulate a stricter interpretation.  while the wording a the economic activities in this category could be associated with several nace codes is always used in environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation the categories in environmental objectives now often contain the wording b the economic activity relates to .

Score 0.475
since the publication of delegated regulation eu by the eu commission in june on environmental objecti ves to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems these are now available for all six environmen tal objectives defined in the eu taxonomy regulation.  in addition to the delegated regulations on the technical screening criteria for the six environmental objectives the eu taxonomy regulation stipulates another delegated regulation on the taxonomyrelated disclosure obligations in accordance with article of the eu taxonomy regulation which contains more detailed provisions on content methodology and presentation.  .  method of determination the recording of taxonomyrelevant economic activities was carried out using a decentralized topdown approach.  the organizational structure of the rheinmetall group was the guiding principle here so the screening and allocation of economic activities took place at division level as well as at the level of the rh einmetall ag rheinmetall real estate rheinmetall it solutions and rheinmetall technology center business units

Score 0.475
.  taxonomynoneligible economic activities .  .  .

Score 0.474
u.  the full presentation of both taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned economic activities in all six environmental objectives will be provided from the fiscal year onwards.  revenue capital expenditure operating expenditure in incl.  expal excl.  expal taxonomyaligned economic activities

Score 0.47
.  .  taxonomynoneligible economic activities .  .

Score 0.47
consequently the taxonomyrelevant transactions are also only a subset of this limited unit.  the denominator must inclu de direct noncapitalized expenses incurred for research and development building renovation measures shortterm leasing maintenance and repair and all other direct expenses from the maintenance of property plant and equipment to ensure operational re adiness.  here too we have used standardized reporting formats and thus include maintenance costs expenses for shortterm and lowvalue leases and noncapitalized expenses for research and development.  the additional determination of expenses for the da ily maintenance of assets has been carried out since .  rheinmetall understands this to mean internal expenses incurred in connection with maintenance and repair by its own personnel and therefore not included in other operating expenses

Score 0.468
for environmental objective climate change adaptation no economic activity was identified in the allocation of economic activities phas e.  as in previous years this was therefore not taken into account.  similarly no economic activity could be identified for the environmental objective sustainable use and letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business ac tivities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report protection of water and marine resources and environmental objective protect ion and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems in the classification of economic activities phase.  in the annexes to environmental objectives of the delegated regulation there were also some changes to the wording regarding compliance with the nace codes which stipulate a stricter interpretation.  while the wording a the economic activities in this category could be associated with several nace codes is always used in environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation the categories in environmental objectives now often contain the wording b the economic activity relates to

Score 0.468
.  taxonomyeligible economic activities .  .  .

Score 0.467
there are transition risks in connection with the move to a more economically sustainable economy with a lower carbon footprint e. g.  as a result of quickly implemented political measures on climate protection due to technical progress or from changes in market sentiment and consumer preferences.  in view of the mandatory csrd reporting for our company from the fiscal year which also covers the tcfd recommendations we have decided not to include any additional voluntary reporting for the fiscal year.  waste management in all our production processes we strive to be efficient in our use of materials

Score 0.467
g.  for the development of adequate and longterm protective measures as well as for preventive measures.  in fiscal scenario analyses were also carried out for around production sites under the letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities environment al protection and conservation rheinmetall annual report representative concentration pathways rcp .  .

Score 0.465
details are provided in the research and development section.  we provide information on relevant risks in the risks and opportunities section.  environmental prot ection and conservation management approach business activities and in particular production processes are associated with the consumption of natural resources.  from our perspective environmental protection and conservation play a major role in ensuring we have a sustainable future that is worth living.  the careful use of natural resources is part of how the rheinmetall group views itself

Score 0.464
a comprehensive assessment was carried out for the final delegated regulation published by the eu commission in june on the e nvironmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems .  on this basis the relev ant categories with the associated criteria sets were identified and all nonapplicable categories were excluded.  for environmental objective climate change adaptation no economic activity was identified in the allocation of economic activities phas e.  as in previous years this was therefore not taken into account.  similarly no economic activity could be identified for the environmental objective sustainable use and letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business ac tivities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report protection of water and marine resources and environmental objective protect ion and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems in the classification of economic activities phase

Score 0.464
.  .  .  .  taxonomynoneligible economic activities

Score 0.463
.  .  .  taxonomyeligible economic activities .

Score 0.463
.  operating expenses the denominator of operating expenditures is limited to certain expenses.  consequently the taxonomyrelevant transactions are also only a subset of this limited unit.  the denominator must inclu de direct noncapitalized expenses incurred for research and development building renovation measures shortterm leasing maintenance and repair and all other direct expenses from the maintenance of property plant and equipment to ensure operational re adiness.  here too we have used standardized reporting formats and thus include maintenance costs expenses for shortterm and lowvalue leases and noncapitalized expenses for research and development

Score 0.463
.  environmental objective circular economy depollution and dismant ling of endoflife products .  rheinmetall landsysteme gmbh carries out various projects to extend the useful life of tactical vehicles.  this involves completely dismantling old vehicles down to the vehicle hull and refurbishing or modernizing them.  in some cases pollutants are also removed during dismantling

Score 0.462
.  .  .  .  taxonomyeligible economic activities

Score 0.462
taxonomynoneligible economic activities .  .  .  .

Score 0.461
environmental objective circular economy depollution and dismant ling of endoflife products .  rheinmetall landsysteme gmbh carries out various projects to extend the useful life of tactical vehicles.  this involves completely dismantling old vehicles down to the vehicle hull and refurbishing or modernizing them.  in some cases pollutants are also removed during dismantling.  this is done by completely stripping the paint from the vehicles

Score 0.459
taxonomyeligible economic activities .  .  .  .

Score 0.459
social parameters may for example relate to issues of inequality working conditions investments in local communities and human rights.  the management of public and privatesector companies and institutions including management structures relations between employers and employees and the remuneration of managers and employees plays a crucial role when it comes to including social and environmental considerations in decisionmaking processes.  one important measure of the european union was therefore the definition of the eu taxonomy which is intended to establish a shared understanding of the environmental sustainability of economic activities and capital expenditure.  the start ing point for defining an economic activity as environmentally sustainable is the six environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy regulation climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and mari ne resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.  the eu taxonomy distinguishes between taxonomyeligible economic activities which correspond to the pure description of a category and thus do not have any significance to sustainability

Score 0.459
.  .  taxonomyeligible economic activities .  .

Score 0.459
violations of relevant official regulations that apply to how we exercise our business activities or infringement of social occupational safety and environmental standards could har m rheinmetalls reputation and subsequently result in internal or external investigations requirements remediation obligations claims for damages and under certain circumstances substantial fines or penalties.  we actively counter these risks in variou s ways including through high technical standards integrated management systems and certification in accordance with international standards such as iso iso and iso .  we evaluate measures that go above and beyond compliance with legal r equirements on a cost benefit basis.  although we have organizational structures and procedures in place to ensure that we comply with applicable government regulations in the conduct of our business it cannot be entirely ruled out that violations of appl icable government regulations could occur on our part or on the part of third parties with whom we have a contractual relationship and whose actions could be attributed to us.  a large amount of land owned by the rheinmetall group has been subject to indus trial usage for decades

Score 0.458
.  .  .  taxonomynoneligible economic activities .

Score 0.458
this is done by completely stripping the paint from the vehicles.  this involves removing the chromium vicontaining primers used until which are harmful to health.  all economic activities i n which both dismantling and the removal of harmful substances such as complete paint stripping are carried out are considered taxonomycompliant.  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components .  this category includes the prep aration for reuse of endoflife products and product components at the end of their service life

Score 0.457
for the development of adequate and longterm protective measures as well as for preventive measures.  in fiscal scenario analyses were also carried out for around production sites under the letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities environment al protection and conservation rheinmetall annual report representative concentration pathways rcp .  .  .  and

Score 0.457
economic activities are considered environmentally sustainable and thus taxonomyaligned if they make a substantial contribution to one or more of these defined en vironmental objectives do not significantly harm the achievement of any environmental objective do no significant harm principle dnsh and comply with minimum safeguards for occupational health and safety and human rights such as those arising from the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises or the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights.  all corporate activities that cannot be assigned to any category are taxonomynoneligible.  based on these complex screening criteria the extent to which products and individual measures are ecologically sustainable as defined in the eu taxonomy regulation is specified.  since the publication of delegated regulation eu by the eu commission in june on environmental objecti ves to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems these are now available for all six environmen tal objectives defined in the eu taxonomy regulation.  in addition to the delegated regulations on the technical screening criteria for the six environmental objectives the eu taxonomy regulation stipulates another delegated regulation on the taxonomyrelated disclosure obligations in accordance with article of the eu taxonomy regulation which contains more detailed provisions on content methodology and presentation

Score 0.457
the start ing point for defining an economic activity as environmentally sustainable is the six environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy regulation climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and mari ne resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.  the eu taxonomy distinguishes between taxonomyeligible economic activities which correspond to the pure description of a category and thus do not have any significance to sustainability.  economic activities are considered environmentally sustainable and thus taxonomyaligned if they make a substantial contribution to one or more of these defined en vironmental objectives do not significantly harm the achievement of any environmental objective do no significant harm principle dnsh and comply with minimum safeguards for occupational health and safety and human rights such as those arising from the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises or the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights.  all corporate activities that cannot be assigned to any category are taxonomynoneligible.  based on these complex screening criteria the extent to which products and individual measures are ecologically sustainable as defined in the eu taxonomy regulation is specified

Score 0.457
letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report eu taxonomy .  sustainable finance sustainable finance means taking account of environmental social and governance esg considerations when making investment decisions in the finance sector which should lead to longerterm investments in sustainable economic activities and projects.  in addition to climate change mitigation the ecological aspects also include adapting to climate change and environmental factors such as preserving biodiversity avoiding pollution and the circular economy.  social parameters may for example relate to issues of inequality working conditions investments in local communities and human rights.  the management of public and privatesector companies and institutions including management structures relations between employers and employees and the remuneration of managers and employees plays a crucial role when it comes to including social and environmental considerations in decisionmaking processes

Score 0.456
due to the fact that this category is an addition to the annex to the environmental objective climate change mitigation of the dele gated regulation published in june the economic activities in this category are not checked for conformity and are therefore reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  construction of new buildings . .  all new construction activities of the rheinmetall group have been allocated to the construction of new buildings criteria set.  this involves the implementation of construction projects for residential and nonresidential buildings for the groups own account for resale or on a fee or contrac t basis

Score 0.455
founded in our technology company rooted regionally a nd globally positioned with its companies is integrated into the general political regulatory economic ecological and social conditions of various countries and geographical regions.  the rheinmetall groups business model is described in detail under basic information on the rheinmetall group .  we are committed to fair competition and to lawful business conduct that not only shows integrity but is also social and ethical.  sustainable management has always been an integral component of our business and production processes and helps to secure the longterm future of our company.  in addition to continuity economic growth and compliance with the fundamental principles of good corporate governance the careful use of natural resources is part of our selfimage to the benefit of our shareholders our employees for our locations and for the society in which we have a fixed place as corporate citizen

Score 0.455
these activities can therefore be assigned to the manufacture of aircraft and are therefore included for the first time in this fi scal letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report year.  rheinmetall aviation services is also investing in the future production of military combat aircraft this year.  due to the fact that this category is an addition to the annex to the environmental objective climate change mitigation of the dele gated regulation published in june the economic activities in this category are not checked for conformity and are therefore reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  construction of new buildings .

Score 0.455
this year leads to a distortion of the kpis and thus to a low comparability of this years kpis for investment expenditure with those of the previous fiscal year.  for reasons of transparency and comparability with the pre vious year capital expenditure is therefore presented below both including and excluding expal munitions s. a. u.  the full presentation of both taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned economic activities in all six environmental objectives will be provided from the fiscal year onwards

Score 0.454
a. u.  the full presentation of both taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned economic activities in all six environmental objectives will be provided from the fiscal year onwards.  revenue capital expenditure operating expenditure in incl.  expal excl

Score 0.454
for the environmental objectives to be verified not only individual activityrelated requirements but also separate appendices ad were published as par t of annex of eu and the other annexes to regulation eu which apply to a large number of activities and prescribe sitespecific requirements.  the survey on the requirements of these annexes was prepared centrally.  in this context the appendices a generic criteria for dnsh to climate change adaptation b generic criteria for dnsh to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources and d generic criteria for dnsh to protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems were evaluated for the economic activities concerned and made letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report available to the sites for verification.  after verification and any necessary adjustments as well as documentation of evidence this package was merged centrally.  appendix c generic criteria for dnsh to pollution prevention and control regarding use and presence of chemicals required a more comprehensive consideration and interpretation

Score 0.453
influencing factors included a significant expansion in business activities which resulted in higher water consumption.  water use m fresh water on the basis of new input data for individual companies the overall figure for was restated.  conservation encouraging biodiversity our responsibility also includes preserving the diversity of natural habitats especially for future generations.  we are convinced that industrial use does not have to conflict with active conservation.  on the contrary for over a hundred years rheinmetall has tested some of its military products on heathland near u nterlss not far from celle in lower saxony

Score 0.453
further taxonomyaligned capital expenditure of around million is also planned in the coming years in category .  transmission and distribution of electricity.  .  conclusion in the first year of collecting all data to determine taxonomyaligned economic activities a system has already been developed that sets comparable standards for all divisions.  as a result of the delegated regulation for environmental objectives to published by the eu commission in june economic activities in all six environmental objectives were reported for the first time in this fiscal year

Score 0.452
this rela tes to the impact of business activities on sustainable development in the world encompassing the entire valueadded chain.  but customers shareholders investors nongovernmental organizations and not least the companys own employees are also intere sted in getting a full picture of the company its global business activities and their impact on people the climate and the environment.  inquiries from all sections of society are thereby increasing as are expectations for transparency scope level of detail informative value and comparability of company data on the very complex issue of sustainability.  governance this nonfinancial statement of the group which includes all continuing and discontinued business activities was prepared in line with th e requirements of sections b c in conjunction with sections c to e hgb.  pursuant to section b sentence hgb reference is made to the nonfinancial disclosures included in another part of the group management report for more detailed in formation on individual aspects

Score 0.451
method of determination the recording of taxonomyrelevant economic activities was carried out using a decentralized topdown approach.  the organizational structure of the rheinmetall group was the guiding principle here so the screening and allocation of economic activities took place at division level as well as at the level of the rh einmetall ag rheinmetall real estate rheinmetall it solutions and rheinmetall technology center business units.  as part of this the determination was divided into three phases identification of relevant category sets allocation of economic activities taxonomy eligibility and taxonomy alignment testing.  the categories were identified for all six environmental objectives.  a comprehensive assessment was carried out for the final delegated regulation published by the eu commission in june on the e nvironmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems

Score 0.449
the organizational structure of the rheinmetall group was the guiding principle here so the screening and allocation of economic activities took place at division level as well as at the level of the rh einmetall ag rheinmetall real estate rheinmetall it solutions and rheinmetall technology center business units.  as part of this the determination was divided into three phases identification of relevant category sets allocation of economic activities taxonomy eligibility and taxonomy alignment testing.  the categories were identified for all six environmental objectives.  a comprehensive assessment was carried out for the final delegated regulation published by the eu commission in june on the e nvironmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems .  on this basis the relev ant categories with the associated criteria sets were identified and all nonapplicable categories were excluded

Score 0.449
potential sustainability risks are identifi ed and assessed both at group level and in the divisions as part of the risk management system.  in addition to the safety of our products protecting our employees and the environment and respecting and safeguarding human rights in our own business activit ies and in business relationships along the value chain are high priorities.  misconduct and noncompliance with legal requirements or the groups own standards may have effects such as personal injury environmental property and reputational damage produ ction downtime and interruptions to operations and the obligation to pay damages.  this also includes the risk of releasing hazardous substances as a result of a failure in production the obligation to remove contamination and risks from the area of comp liance with human rights and from potentially addressing these insufficiently.  with our principles standards and measures we ensure that our requirements are communicated appropriately and implemented in the best possible way

Score 0.449
the management of public and privatesector companies and institutions including management structures relations between employers and employees and the remuneration of managers and employees plays a crucial role when it comes to including social and environmental considerations in decisionmaking processes.  one important measure of the european union was therefore the definition of the eu taxonomy which is intended to establish a shared understanding of the environmental sustainability of economic activities and capital expenditure.  the start ing point for defining an economic activity as environmentally sustainable is the six environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy regulation climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and mari ne resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.  the eu taxonomy distinguishes between taxonomyeligible economic activities which correspond to the pure description of a category and thus do not have any significance to sustainability.  economic activities are considered environmentally sustainable and thus taxonomyaligned if they make a substantial contribution to one or more of these defined en vironmental objectives do not significantly harm the achievement of any environmental objective do no significant harm principle dnsh and comply with minimum safeguards for occupational health and safety and human rights such as those arising from the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises or the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights

Score 0.449
for reasons of transparency and comparability with the pre vious year capital expenditure is therefore presented below both including and excluding expal munitions s. a. u.  the full presentation of both taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned economic activities in all six environmental objectives will be provided from the fiscal year onwards.  revenue capital expenditure operating expenditure in incl

Score 0.448
the assets classified as held for sale and directly associated liabilities of the disposal groups along with the carrying amounts of investments accounted for using the equi ty method are shown in the following table letter to shareholders combin ed management report consolidated financial statement further information notes to the consolidated financial statements summary of accounting principles rheinmetall annual report key information on discontinued operations statement of financial position discontinued operations largebore pistons smallbore pistons investments accounted for using the equity method discontinued operations million property plant and equipment and rightofuse assets investments accounted for using the equity method other noncurrent assets noncurrent assets inventories trade receivables other current assets current assets provisions other noncurrent liabilities noncurrent liabilities provisions trade liabilities other current liabilities current liabilities in addition to the assets presented in this table the assets held for sale presented in the rheinmetall groups statement of financial position include a further asset held for sale which is assigned to continuing operations.  see the explanations und er note investment property .  the figures for the previous year were restated as a result of the amended schedule for the disposal of the shares in shriram pistons rings ltd.  the cumulative expenses r ecognized within equity in other comprehensive income amounted to million as of december previous year million.  the figure for the previous year restated as a result of the amended schedule for the disposal of the shares in shriram pis tons rings ltd

Score 0.447
.  do no significant harm to any of the environmental objectives dnsh this approach can essentially be divided int o three phases centralized evaluation locationspecific verification and individual consideration.  for the environmental objectives to be verified not only individual activityrelated requirements but also separate appendices ad were published as par t of annex of eu and the other annexes to regulation eu which apply to a large number of activities and prescribe sitespecific requirements.  the survey on the requirements of these annexes was prepared centrally.  in this context the appendices a generic criteria for dnsh to climate change adaptation b generic criteria for dnsh to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources and d generic criteria for dnsh to protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems were evaluated for the economic activities concerned and made letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report available to the sites for verification

Score 0.446
this involves removing the chromium vicontaining primers used until which are harmful to health.  all economic activities i n which both dismantling and the removal of harmful substances such as complete paint stripping are carried out are considered taxonomycompliant.  preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components .  this category includes the prep aration for reuse of endoflife products and product components at the end of their service life.  ms motorservice france s

Score 0.446
the denominator must inclu de direct noncapitalized expenses incurred for research and development building renovation measures shortterm leasing maintenance and repair and all other direct expenses from the maintenance of property plant and equipment to ensure operational re adiness.  here too we have used standardized reporting formats and thus include maintenance costs expenses for shortterm and lowvalue leases and noncapitalized expenses for research and development.  the additional determination of expenses for the da ily maintenance of assets has been carried out since .  rheinmetall understands this to mean internal expenses incurred in connection with maintenance and repair by its own personnel and therefore not included in other operating expenses.  when evaluatin g the cost centers care is taken to ensure that the total costs are adjusted for individual costs where necessary for the required data reporting in order to avoid double counting when determining the key figures

Score 0.444
as part of this the determination was divided into three phases identification of relevant category sets allocation of economic activities taxonomy eligibility and taxonomy alignment testing.  the categories were identified for all six environmental objectives.  a comprehensive assessment was carried out for the final delegated regulation published by the eu commission in june on the e nvironmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems .  on this basis the relev ant categories with the associated criteria sets were identified and all nonapplicable categories were excluded.  for environmental objective climate change adaptation no economic activity was identified in the allocation of economic activities phas e

Score 0.444
do no significant harm to any of the environmental objectives dnsh this approach can essentially be divided int o three phases centralized evaluation locationspecific verification and individual consideration.  for the environmental objectives to be verified not only individual activityrelated requirements but also separate appendices ad were published as par t of annex of eu and the other annexes to regulation eu which apply to a large number of activities and prescribe sitespecific requirements.  the survey on the requirements of these annexes was prepared centrally.  in this context the appendices a generic criteria for dnsh to climate change adaptation b generic criteria for dnsh to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources and d generic criteria for dnsh to protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems were evaluated for the economic activities concerned and made letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report available to the sites for verification.  after verification and any necessary adjustments as well as documentation of evidence this package was merged centrally

Score 0.444
all corporate activities that cannot be assigned to any category are taxonomynoneligible.  based on these complex screening criteria the extent to which products and individual measures are ecologically sustainable as defined in the eu taxonomy regulation is specified.  since the publication of delegated regulation eu by the eu commission in june on environmental objecti ves to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems these are now available for all six environmen tal objectives defined in the eu taxonomy regulation.  in addition to the delegated regulations on the technical screening criteria for the six environmental objectives the eu taxonomy regulation stipulates another delegated regulation on the taxonomyrelated disclosure obligations in accordance with article of the eu taxonomy regulation which contains more detailed provisions on content methodology and presentation.

Score 0.441
we provide information on relevant risks in the risks and opportunities section.  environmental prot ection and conservation management approach business activities and in particular production processes are associated with the consumption of natural resources.  from our perspective environmental protection and conservation play a major role in ensuring we have a sustainable future that is worth living.  the careful use of natural resources is part of how the rheinmetall group views itself.  using raw materials and energy economically and avoiding environmental damage in business and production processes a re also among the key foundations on which the group companies business activities are based as is dealing with residual materials and emissions responsibly

Score 0.44
the additional determination of expenses for the da ily maintenance of assets has been carried out since .  rheinmetall understands this to mean internal expenses incurred in connection with maintenance and repair by its own personnel and therefore not included in other operating expenses.  when evaluatin g the cost centers care is taken to ensure that the total costs are adjusted for individual costs where necessary for the required data reporting in order to avoid double counting when determining the key figures.  letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial as pects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report a portion of the taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned operating expenditure could be allocated to salesrelated activities.  the majority of our taxonomyeligible operating expenditure relates to areas in research and development that serve to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities