Scores_n_ADMINISTRATIVE AND SUPPORT SERVICE ACTIVITIESScore 0.555
letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial as pects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report a portion of the taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned operating expenditure could be allocated to salesrelated activities.  the majority of our taxonomyeligible operating expenditure relates to areas in research and development that serve to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities.  t hey are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies.  in addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair o f property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the eu taxonomy regulation.

Score 0.533
the majority of our taxonomyeligible operating expenditure relates to areas in research and development that serve to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities.  t hey are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies.  in addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair o f property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the eu taxonomy regulation.  .  investment planning nonfinancial undertakings must disclose material information on investment planning for each of their specified economic activities

Score 0.525
.  .  .  taxonomyeligible economic activities .

Score 0.524
when evaluatin g the cost centers care is taken to ensure that the total costs are adjusted for individual costs where necessary for the required data reporting in order to avoid double counting when determining the key figures.  letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial as pects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report a portion of the taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned operating expenditure could be allocated to salesrelated activities.  the majority of our taxonomyeligible operating expenditure relates to areas in research and development that serve to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities.  t hey are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies.  in addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair o f property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the eu taxonomy regulation

Score 0.522
.  .  .  .  taxonomyeligible economic activities

Score 0.519
.  .  .  .  taxonomynoneligible economic activities

Score 0.516
.  .  .  taxonomynoneligible economic activities .

Score 0.51
.  .  in terms of sales of our business activities fall under the classification system of the eu taxonomy regulation.  of total sales meets the requirements for taxonomy alignment.  with the possible upcoming revisions of the legal texts and interpretations of the industries future changes to the classifications cannot be ruled out at the present time

Score 0.507
.  taxonomynoneligible economic activities .  .  .

Score 0.503
.  .  taxonomynoneligible economic activities .  .

Score 0.501
.  .  .  .  in terms of sales of our business activities fall under the classification system of the eu taxonomy regulation

Score 0.501
the productsservices provided primarily relate to recognized sales proceed s from the sale of finished and unfinished goods and from construction contracts with project companies.  the receivables mainly include trade receivables contract assets and prepayments made.  the liabilities mainly relate to trade payables and contract li abilities.  the scope of relatedparty transactions is shown in the table below.  transactions with related parties joint ventures associated companies million productsservices provided productsservices received receivables incl

Score 0.5
.  taxonomyeligible economic activities .  .  .

Score 0.499
.  .  taxonomyeligible economic activities .  .

Score 0.498
t hey are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies.  in addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair o f property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the eu taxonomy regulation.  .  investment planning nonfinancial undertakings must disclose material information on investment planning for each of their specified economic activities.  there is currently no clear interpretation of what the investment plan includes meaning that different interpretations exist with regard to the market

Score 0.497
.  .  .  in terms of sales of our business activities fall under the classification system of the eu taxonomy regulation.  of total sales meets the requirements for taxonomy alignment

Score 0.492
.  in terms of sales of our business activities fall under the classification system of the eu taxonomy regulation.  of total sales meets the requirements for taxonomy alignment.  with the possible upcoming revisions of the legal texts and interpretations of the industries future changes to the classifications cannot be ruled out at the present time.  we will also continue to take taxonomy alignment requirements into account in all process steps in order to steadily increa se these in subsequent years

Score 0.491
the sales generated for the development services and the associated investments and operating expenses in are reported as taxonomyaligned in this category.  as a supplier of relevant components we have the role of the enabling company.  to meet the sub stantial contribution k the technical screening criteria in section .  of eu annex must be met.  however these refer to the final product itself which is why we have limited ourselves to the fulfillment of the technical screening criter ia of category

Score 0.489
taxonomyeligible economic activities .  .  .  .

Score 0.489
taxonomynoneligible economic activities .  .  .  .

Score 0.483
the operating units are involved in th is process at a very early stage in order to increase the probability of success of the business ideas and to support the projects and programs during implementation.  potential for current business operations is managed among other things in regular rev iew sessions between the executive board and the heads of the divisions and central departments.  based on an examination of structured assessments of market industry and competition data discussions focus on economic market industry and sales developme nts as well as the competitive situation and technological trends.  the next step involves defining strategic initiatives and operational measures that are aimed at realizing the potential opportunities that have been identified.  this can entail a reallocat ion of budgets that are provided for exploiting opportunities

Score 0.483
expal taxonomyaligned economic activities .  .  .  .

Score 0.481
these activities can therefore be assigned to the manufacture of aircraft and are therefore included for the first time in this fi scal letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report year.  rheinmetall aviation services is also investing in the future production of military combat aircraft this year.  due to the fact that this category is an addition to the annex to the environmental objective climate change mitigation of the dele gated regulation published in june the economic activities in this category are not checked for conformity and are therefore reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  construction of new buildings .

Score 0.481
compared to the previous year the nominated backlog of materials and trade decreased due to the reclassification of previous orders and framework contracts as individual transactions which by definition are not reported in t he nominated backlog .  operating result materials and trade generated an operating result at the previous years level at million in fiscal .  the operating margin of .  is on a par with the previous years level.  the trade business unit achieved a significant improvement in earnings

Score 0.48
both divisions already have their own management team and are directly managed by the executive board.  corporate management and control in external repor ting the two divisions are presented as one segment vehicle systems.  to ensure that the structure of the group better reflects the technologies products and business areas it covers individual companies were also allocated to different divisions or to the group service companies and other nonoperating companies in line with their business activity with effect from october .  this had a particular impact on weapon and ammunition and electronic solutions.  the smallbore business area is managed as a noncore business outside the structure of the group

Score 0.479
it was not possible to break down the overhead costs separately.  however this procedure ensured that there was no double counting.  activities that pursue a goal other than generating sales particularly energyrelated measures were analyzed on the basis of itemizations.  this did not reveal any anomalies.

Score 0.479
the wording a suggests an optional formulation so that economic activities that do not fall under the listed nace codes but can be clearly assigned to a category on the basis of the other criteria are considered taxonomyeligible.  wording b on the other hand can be understood as a mandatory formulation meaning that economic activ ities that cannot be assigned to the nace codes mentioned are considered nontaxonomyeligible.  according to eu annex i the capital expenditure and operating expenditure kpis are subdivided as a directly attributable to a taxonomyeligible oraligned activity b serving to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities or c relating to the acquisition of production from taxonomyaligned economic activities and to individual measures through which the target activities are carried out in a lowcarbon manner or the emission of greenhouse gases is reduced.  derived from this the assignment of the category sets first identified the salesgenerating economic activities and the associated capital and operating expenditure.  in addition any v alues that did not generate sales in the reporting period but could be assigned to categories b or c were identified

Score 0.477
the elimination entries for transactio ns between continuing and discontinued operations are assigned in full to discontinued operations.  in reporting the activities of the discontinued operation are not assigned to a reportable segment.  assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are re classified to the assets held for sale and liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale items in the statement of financial position.  the previous years statement of financial position items are not reclassified.  in the income statement the earnings after taxes of the discontinued operations are combined in a separate item as earnings from discontinued operations

Score 0.476
classified under the nace codes.  the wording a suggests an optional formulation so that economic activities that do not fall under the listed nace codes but can be clearly assigned to a category on the basis of the other criteria are considered taxonomyeligible.  wording b on the other hand can be understood as a mandatory formulation meaning that economic activ ities that cannot be assigned to the nace codes mentioned are considered nontaxonomyeligible.  according to eu annex i the capital expenditure and operating expenditure kpis are subdivided as a directly attributable to a taxonomyeligible oraligned activity b serving to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities or c relating to the acquisition of production from taxonomyaligned economic activities and to individual measures through which the target activities are carried out in a lowcarbon manner or the emission of greenhouse gases is reduced.  derived from this the assignment of the category sets first identified the salesgenerating economic activities and the associated capital and operating expenditure

Score 0.475
as in the previous fiscal year considerable taxonomyeligible sales were also generated through the production of civilian logistics and special vehicles.  in the year under review further progress was made i n establishing and expanding our business areas with regard to energy management and renewable energy sources.  sales were recorded in the field of brake and transmission technology for wind turbines.  .  investments in contrast to sales capital and operat ing expenditures are specifically defined by the eu taxonomy regulation

Score 0.473
the divisions each with their own management an d responsibility for their global business operations are directly managed by the executive board.  moreover the executive board is responsible for the introduction and further development of adequate management control and monitoring processes includin g the risk management system internal control system internal auditing and compliance management system and the allocation of resources.  the divisions are equipped with all the necessary functions and report to the members of the executive board on curre nt business developments in regular targetsetting review and strategy meetings as part of the strategies targets and guidelines determined by the executive board of the group and discuss with them not only strategies and targets but also operational an d economic measures.  the respective management bodies of the subsidiaries are responsible for operational management of their units.  they are supported in their tasks by the service and support functions that have been set up within the management holding company

Score 0.473
potential for current business operations is managed among other things in regular rev iew sessions between the executive board and the heads of the divisions and central departments.  based on an examination of structured assessments of market industry and competition data discussions focus on economic market industry and sales developme nts as well as the competitive situation and technological trends.  the next step involves defining strategic initiatives and operational measures that are aimed at realizing the potential opportunities that have been identified.  this can entail a reallocat ion of budgets that are provided for exploiting opportunities.  in addition the opportunities that arise are logged and evaluated as part of the forecast prepared three times a year

Score 0.473
in business with plain bearings by contrast there was a slight volu medriven increase in sales compared to the previous year.  booked business booked business of materials and trade came to million in fiscal representing a slight yearonyear increase of .  in fiscal previous year of this was attributable to the internal combustion engine ice category previous year to industrial technology previous year to electrification and previous year to truck.  nominated backlog the nominated backlog of materials and trade amounted to million in fiscal .  compared to the previous year the nominated backlog of materials and trade decreased due to the reclassification of previous orders and framework contracts as individual transactions which by definition are not reported in t he nominated backlog

Score 0.469
the majority of the economic activities assigned to this category do not meet the criteria for a significant contribution.  in düsseldorf however rheinmetall immobilien gesellschaft mbh generates taxonomyaligned sales from the renta l of the deltad office building.  as this was built in accordance with the dgnb gold standard it can be assumed that the building meets the criteria for the significant contribution.  .

Score 0.469
a more detailed investigation into these matters was initiated.  work on these investigations has led to confirmation of a breach of the rules in cases .  corporate compliance acquisitions programs this functional area performs compliance analyses and compliance risk assessments for mergers and acquisitions transactions and major strategic or commercial projects.  it is coordinated by the head of corporate compliance and staffed on a project basis by compliance staff working centrally andor locally .  group data protection the executive board is responsible for setting up a groupwide data protection management system dpms

Score 0.466
it is responsible for the groups strategic orientation and development and for setting and monitoring corporate targets.  the divisions each with their own management an d responsibility for their global business operations are directly managed by the executive board.  moreover the executive board is responsible for the introduction and further development of adequate management control and monitoring processes includin g the risk management system internal control system internal auditing and compliance management system and the allocation of resources.  the divisions are equipped with all the necessary functions and report to the members of the executive board on curre nt business developments in regular targetsetting review and strategy meetings as part of the strategies targets and guidelines determined by the executive board of the group and discuss with them not only strategies and targets but also operational an d economic measures.  the respective management bodies of the subsidiaries are responsible for operational management of their units

Score 0.465
wording b on the other hand can be understood as a mandatory formulation meaning that economic activ ities that cannot be assigned to the nace codes mentioned are considered nontaxonomyeligible.  according to eu annex i the capital expenditure and operating expenditure kpis are subdivided as a directly attributable to a taxonomyeligible oraligned activity b serving to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities or c relating to the acquisition of production from taxonomyaligned economic activities and to individual measures through which the target activities are carried out in a lowcarbon manner or the emission of greenhouse gases is reduced.  derived from this the assignment of the category sets first identified the salesgenerating economic activities and the associated capital and operating expenditure.  in addition any v alues that did not generate sales in the reporting period but could be assigned to categories b or c were identified.  in a second step the sets of categories were applied to the economic activities of the divisions

Score 0.463
on this basis the relev ant categories with the associated criteria sets were identified and all nonapplicable categories were excluded.  for environmental objective climate change adaptation no economic activity was identified in the allocation of economic activities phas e.  as in previous years this was therefore not taken into account.  similarly no economic activity could be identified for the environmental objective sustainable use and letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business ac tivities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report protection of water and marine resources and environmental objective protect ion and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems in the classification of economic activities phase.  in the annexes to environmental objectives of the delegated regulation there were also some changes to the wording regarding compliance with the nace codes which stipulate a stricter interpretation

Score 0.46
sales from the real estate development sector are also recognized in the other companies .  the following table shows the timing of sales recognition broken down by segment.  disaggregation of sales by point in time and over time million at a point in time over time total at a point in time over time total vehicle systems weapon and ammunition electronic solutions sensors and actuators materials and trade otherconsolidation group continued operations the figures for the previous year have been restated to take into account the amended reporting structure due to the changes made to the group structure as of october .  customer contracts in security technology include the manufacture and supply of goods service contracts for service and maintenance activities and the provision of development services.  sales are realized at the time of transfer of control which is agreed individually

Score 0.458
.  operating expenses the denominator of operating expenditures is limited to certain expenses.  consequently the taxonomyrelevant transactions are also only a subset of this limited unit.  the denominator must inclu de direct noncapitalized expenses incurred for research and development building renovation measures shortterm leasing maintenance and repair and all other direct expenses from the maintenance of property plant and equipment to ensure operational re adiness.  here too we have used standardized reporting formats and thus include maintenance costs expenses for shortterm and lowvalue leases and noncapitalized expenses for research and development

Score 0.457
in reporting the activities of the discontinued operation are not assigned to a reportable segment.  assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are re classified to the assets held for sale and liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale items in the statement of financial position.  the previous years statement of financial position items are not reclassified.  in the income statement the earnings after taxes of the discontinued operations are combined in a separate item as earnings from discontinued operations.  the previous years figures in the income statement are restated accordingly

Score 0.457
operating expenses the denominator of operating expenditures is limited to certain expenses.  consequently the taxonomyrelevant transactions are also only a subset of this limited unit.  the denominator must inclu de direct noncapitalized expenses incurred for research and development building renovation measures shortterm leasing maintenance and repair and all other direct expenses from the maintenance of property plant and equipment to ensure operational re adiness.  here too we have used standardized reporting formats and thus include maintenance costs expenses for shortterm and lowvalue leases and noncapitalized expenses for research and development.  the additional determination of expenses for the da ily maintenance of assets has been carried out since

Score 0.456
in a second step the sets of categories were applied to the economic activities of the divisions.  to gain an initial estimate of the taxonomy eligibility in the expected annual values were also added.  in addition these were used to determine an internal materiality limit as the granularity in the determination made possible by the eu taxonomy regulation in particular for c c apital expenditure cannot yet be fully technically implemented.  the materiality limit for comparability is based on the methodology of previous years which is approximately of the taxonomyeligible totals of sales operating expenditure and invest ments less special effects.  special effects are business activities that are not part of the companys core business are nonrecurring in nature and have a significant impact on earnings

Score 0.456
due to the fact that this category is an addition published in june the economic activities in this category are reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  manufacture of aircraft .  rheinmetall aviation services generates sales from the manufacture maintenance re pair and technical support of drones.  the eu commission defines drones as all aircraft that can fly without a pilot on board.  these activities can therefore be assigned to the manufacture of aircraft and are therefore included for the first time in this fi scal letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report year

Score 0.455
the additional determination of expenses for the da ily maintenance of assets has been carried out since .  rheinmetall understands this to mean internal expenses incurred in connection with maintenance and repair by its own personnel and therefore not included in other operating expenses.  when evaluatin g the cost centers care is taken to ensure that the total costs are adjusted for individual costs where necessary for the required data reporting in order to avoid double counting when determining the key figures.  letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial as pects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report a portion of the taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned operating expenditure could be allocated to salesrelated activities.  the majority of our taxonomyeligible operating expenditure relates to areas in research and development that serve to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities

Score 0.454
in addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair o f property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the eu taxonomy regulation.  .  investment planning nonfinancial undertakings must disclose material information on investment planning for each of their specified economic activities.  there is currently no clear interpretation of what the investment plan includes meaning that different interpretations exist with regard to the market.  as part of its investment plannin g rheinmetall considers all investments that are planned for current and future taxonomyaligned activities

Score 0.454
. .  classified under the nace codes.  the wording a suggests an optional formulation so that economic activities that do not fall under the listed nace codes but can be clearly assigned to a category on the basis of the other criteria are considered taxonomyeligible.  wording b on the other hand can be understood as a mandatory formulation meaning that economic activ ities that cannot be assigned to the nace codes mentioned are considered nontaxonomyeligible

Score 0.453
assets and liabilities that are not within the scope of the measurement requirements of ifrs are measured in accordance with the standards applicable to them.  the elimination entries for transactio ns between continuing and discontinued operations are assigned in full to discontinued operations.  in reporting the activities of the discontinued operation are not assigned to a reportable segment.  assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are re classified to the assets held for sale and liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale items in the statement of financial position.  the previous years statement of financial position items are not reclassified

Score 0.453
similarly no economic activity could be identified for the environmental objective sustainable use and letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business ac tivities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report protection of water and marine resources and environmental objective protect ion and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems in the classification of economic activities phase.  in the annexes to environmental objectives of the delegated regulation there were also some changes to the wording regarding compliance with the nace codes which stipulate a stricter interpretation.  while the wording a the economic activities in this category could be associated with several nace codes is always used in environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation the categories in environmental objectives now often contain the wording b the economic activity relates to . .

Score 0.45
u.  the full presentation of both taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned economic activities in all six environmental objectives will be provided from the fiscal year onwards.  revenue capital expenditure operating expenditure in incl.  expal excl.  expal taxonomyaligned economic activities

Score 0.449
the receivables mainly include trade receivables contract assets and prepayments made.  the liabilities mainly relate to trade payables and contract li abilities.  the scope of relatedparty transactions is shown in the table below.  transactions with related parties joint ventures associated companies million productsservices provided productsservices received receivables incl.  contract assets dec

Score 0.449
nonfinancial aspects of business activities a comprehensive easing of the situation on the global procurement markets still is not expected as the aftereffects of the covid pandemic are continu ing and international capacity restrictions and bottlenecks in raw material procurement and energy supply continue to exist.  the conflict in eastern europe means additional risks in relation to the security of existing supply chains.  furthermore global su pply problems in the semiconductor market are ongoing.  these can impact both procurement and sales.  this is being counteracted with interdisciplinary teams the use of alternative and sound requirement forecasts

Score 0.449
.  classified under the nace codes.  the wording a suggests an optional formulation so that economic activities that do not fall under the listed nace codes but can be clearly assigned to a category on the basis of the other criteria are considered taxonomyeligible.  wording b on the other hand can be understood as a mandatory formulation meaning that economic activ ities that cannot be assigned to the nace codes mentioned are considered nontaxonomyeligible.  according to eu annex i the capital expenditure and operating expenditure kpis are subdivided as a directly attributable to a taxonomyeligible oraligned activity b serving to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities or c relating to the acquisition of production from taxonomyaligned economic activities and to individual measures through which the target activities are carried out in a lowcarbon manner or the emission of greenhouse gases is reduced

Score 0.448
to identify a nd initially assess opportunities and success potential the operating units are closely linked with functions at group level including corporate strategy and development and research technology and innovation.  at a functional level a structured process has been established to specifically identify new opportunities and technological potential evaluate them in a structured manner and transfer them to business areas that can be commercialized via program management.  the operating units are involved in th is process at a very early stage in order to increase the probability of success of the business ideas and to support the projects and programs during implementation.  potential for current business operations is managed among other things in regular rev iew sessions between the executive board and the heads of the divisions and central departments.  based on an examination of structured assessments of market industry and competition data discussions focus on economic market industry and sales developme nts as well as the competitive situation and technological trends

Score 0.447
while the wording a the economic activities in this category could be associated with several nace codes is always used in environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation the categories in environmental objectives now often contain the wording b the economic activity relates to . . .  classified under the nace codes.  the wording a suggests an optional formulation so that economic activities that do not fall under the listed nace codes but can be clearly assigned to a category on the basis of the other criteria are considered taxonomyeligible

Score 0.447
however they are not reported as taxonomyeligible in this fiscal year beyond their taxonomyaligned status.  simulators which meet the requirements of taxonomy alignment and were already included in the previous fiscal year also account for a significant proportion this year.  in the area of components for electric vehicles such as electric water pumps used to cool batteries considerable sales were again generated in the series production business this fiscal year.  as in the previous fiscal year considerable taxonomyeligible sales were also generated through the production of civilian logistics and special vehicles.  in the year under review further progress was made i n establishing and expanding our business areas with regard to energy management and renewable energy sources

Score 0.446
rheinmetall understands this to mean internal expenses incurred in connection with maintenance and repair by its own personnel and therefore not included in other operating expenses.  when evaluatin g the cost centers care is taken to ensure that the total costs are adjusted for individual costs where necessary for the required data reporting in order to avoid double counting when determining the key figures.  letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial as pects of business activities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report a portion of the taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned operating expenditure could be allocated to salesrelated activities.  the majority of our taxonomyeligible operating expenditure relates to areas in research and development that serve to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities.  t hey are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies

Score 0.445
assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are re classified to the assets held for sale and liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale items in the statement of financial position.  the previous years statement of financial position items are not reclassified.  in the income statement the earnings after taxes of the discontinued operations are combined in a separate item as earnings from discontinued operations.  the previous years figures in the income statement are restated accordingly.  the statement of cash flows continues to compr ise the cash flows of the entire group and is supplemented by an of which item for the net cash flows of discontinued operations

Score 0.443
here in particular sales from the rental of buildings or the purchase of a property are to be recognized as taxonomyeligible.  the construction of new buildings for own use should a lso be included here.  the majority of the economic activities assigned to this category do not meet the criteria for a significant contribution.  in düsseldorf however rheinmetall immobilien gesellschaft mbh generates taxonomyaligned sales from the renta l of the deltad office building.  as this was built in accordance with the dgnb gold standard it can be assumed that the building meets the criteria for the significant contribution

Score 0.44
special effects are business activities that are not part of the companys core business are nonrecurring in nature and have a significant impact on earnings.  these include for example the oneoff purchase of buildings by rheinmetall immobilien gesellschaft for rental or resale.  no significant deviations in the projected annual value were identified by the materiality limit.  in the third phase the determined economic activities of rheinmetall ag were finally checked for the ir taxonomy alignment.  a distinction was made between requirements to be examined for each individual economic activity itself such as the substantial contribution and specific dnsh criteria requirements relating to the locations and requirem ents covered by groupwide compliance

Score 0.44
the frame backlog reflects the expected future calloffs from existing framework agreements for the security business which are converted into order backlog when calle d off by the customer.  based on existing written agreements and framework contracts with customers the nominated backlog figure shows the future calloffs expected for the civil business from these customer agreements.  the sales resulting from the frame b acklog and the nominated backlog may differ from the corresponding amounts depending on the final calloff quantities.  the new rheinmetall nomination indicator is composed of the previously used order intake and booked business indicators as well as the ne w flow indicator for the security business the frame nomination.  similarly to the booked business indicator used for the civil business this represents the expected value of new framework agreements concluded with customers

Score 0.44
the previous years statement of financial position items are not reclassified.  in the income statement the earnings after taxes of the discontinued operations are combined in a separate item as earnings from discontinued operations.  the previous years figures in the income statement are restated accordingly.  the statement of cash flows continues to compr ise the cash flows of the entire group and is supplemented by an of which item for the net cash flows of discontinued operations.  contract assets and contract liabilities contract assets are recognized in connection with contracts with customers if in the case of contract manufacturing the cumulative sales recognized over time exceed the sum of the advance payments received and progress billings

Score 0.439
as in previous years this was therefore not taken into account.  similarly no economic activity could be identified for the environmental objective sustainable use and letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business ac tivities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report protection of water and marine resources and environmental objective protect ion and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems in the classification of economic activities phase.  in the annexes to environmental objectives of the delegated regulation there were also some changes to the wording regarding compliance with the nace codes which stipulate a stricter interpretation.  while the wording a the economic activities in this category could be associated with several nace codes is always used in environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation the categories in environmental objectives now often contain the wording b the economic activity relates to .

Score 0.438
disaggregation of sales by point in time and over time million at a point in time over time total at a point in time over time total vehicle systems weapon and ammunition electronic solutions sensors and actuators materials and trade otherconsolidation group continued operations the figures for the previous year have been restated to take into account the amended reporting structure due to the changes made to the group structure as of october .  customer contracts in security technology include the manufacture and supply of goods service contracts for service and maintenance activities and the provision of development services.  sales are realized at the time of transfer of control which is agreed individually.  in particular sales are recogniz ed at a point in time for orders for protection and weapon systems and for ammunition.  in the business areas of civilian mobility contracts with customers relate primarily to serial deliveries of modules and systems for engine technology

Score 0.438
the construction of new buildings for own use should a lso be included here.  the majority of the economic activities assigned to this category do not meet the criteria for a significant contribution.  in düsseldorf however rheinmetall immobilien gesellschaft mbh generates taxonomyaligned sales from the renta l of the deltad office building.  as this was built in accordance with the dgnb gold standard it can be assumed that the building meets the criteria for the significant contribution.

Score 0.436
however this initially only includes the taxonomy eligibility for en vironmental objectives to and the additions to the annexes for environmental objectives and .  this causes a oneoff deviation in the kpis compared to the previous year.  in addition the increased denominator of investment expenditure due to the acqu isition of expal munitions s. a. u

Score 0.435
for environmental objective climate change adaptation no economic activity was identified in the allocation of economic activities phas e.  as in previous years this was therefore not taken into account.  similarly no economic activity could be identified for the environmental objective sustainable use and letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business ac tivities eu taxonomy rheinmetall annual report protection of water and marine resources and environmental objective protect ion and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems in the classification of economic activities phase.  in the annexes to environmental objectives of the delegated regulation there were also some changes to the wording regarding compliance with the nace codes which stipulate a stricter interpretation.  while the wording a the economic activities in this category could be associated with several nace codes is always used in environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation the categories in environmental objectives now often contain the wording b the economic activity relates to

Score 0.435
simulators which meet the requirements of taxonomy alignment and were already included in the previous fiscal year also account for a significant proportion this year.  in the area of components for electric vehicles such as electric water pumps used to cool batteries considerable sales were again generated in the series production business this fiscal year.  as in the previous fiscal year considerable taxonomyeligible sales were also generated through the production of civilian logistics and special vehicles.  in the year under review further progress was made i n establishing and expanding our business areas with regard to energy management and renewable energy sources.  sales were recorded in the field of brake and transmission technology for wind turbines

Score 0.435
.  materials and trade .  operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to .  .  ofcf in relation to sales group million

Score 0.434
depreciation and am ortization are suspended from the reclassification date.  assets and liabilities that are not within the scope of the measurement requirements of ifrs are measured in accordance with the standards applicable to them.  the elimination entries for transactio ns between continuing and discontinued operations are assigned in full to discontinued operations.  in reporting the activities of the discontinued operation are not assigned to a reportable segment.  assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are re classified to the assets held for sale and liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale items in the statement of financial position

Score 0.433
one key element for managing this area is the rheinmetall group purchasing council rgp council.  all divisions are represented on the rgp council in order to improve rheinmetalls market position with respect to suppliers and achieve better purchasing conditions.  this ranges from optimized prices to improved payment and deliver y conditions.  another objective of the rgp council is to transfer expertise and information and to ensure networking within the purchasing organization.  furthermore regular exchanges in the rgp council ensure that the purchasing organization is adapted to changing requirements and that both organization and processes are described in sufficient detail

Score 0.43
this can entail a reallocat ion of budgets that are provided for exploiting opportunities.  in addition the opportunities that arise are logged and evaluated as part of the forecast prepared three times a year.  opportunities and potential success deemed strategically important for t he medium and long term are included in the threeyear mediumterm corporate planning on the one hand and on the other discussed at the annual groupwide global strategy meeting the semiannual product planning day and division strategy meetings for periods beyond this horizon where they are assessed and prioritized in terms of their significance for future business development and assigned a budget if necessary.  as a technology group we follow and promote continual product and technology innovations and their modifications.  this is associated with a diversification of our product and service portfolio and the development letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information risks and opportunities opportunity management rheinmetall annual re port of new and dynamic markets with the aim of acquiring new customers as well as supporting existing customers with growing challenges and encouraging their confidence in technology

Score 0.43
governance this nonfinancial statement of the group which includes all continuing and discontinued business activities was prepared in line with th e requirements of sections b c in conjunction with sections c to e hgb.  pursuant to section b sentence hgb reference is made to the nonfinancial disclosures included in another part of the group management report for more detailed in formation on individual aspects.  we use the standards of the global reporting initiative gri as a reporting basis when preparing the nonfinancial statement.  in this way we want to ensure transparency and comparability.  the fiscal year is the reporting p eriod for the nonfinancial statement of the group and there is an annual reporting cycle

Score 0.429
in the case of manufacturing overheads procedures were applied that assumed an interdependenc e between sales and operating costs of the respective product.  it was not possible to break down the overhead costs separately.  however this procedure ensured that there was no double counting.  activities that pursue a goal other than generating sales particularly energyrelated measures were analyzed on the basis of itemizations.  this did not reveal any anomalies

Score 0.429
the continued aim of the program is to once again offer all core it areas of expertise in full within the company in the medium term.  establishing new structures can temporarily result in additional risks.  furthermore there is a conflict within it between establishing operability and growth.  the planned and adhoc resource requirements push the focus onto operability.  based on the current availability of resources and business requirements the focus is be on operability

Score 0.428
we describe these matters in the auditors report un less law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter.  letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information independent auditors report rheinmetall annual report emphasis of matter immanent risk due to uncertainties regarding the legal conformity of the interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation we refer to the explanations of the executive board in the section eu taxonomy contained in the section nonfinancial statement of the combined management report.  there it is stated that some of the wording and terminology contained in the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts adopted thereon are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertainty and have not yet been officially clarified.  the executive board sets out how it has made the necessary interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and the dele gated acts adopted thereon.  as there is the inherent risk that indefinite legal concepts may allow for various interpretations the legal conformity of the interpretation is prone to uncertainty

Score 0.428
at the reclassification date the discontinued operation is stated at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.  depreciation and am ortization are suspended from the reclassification date.  assets and liabilities that are not within the scope of the measurement requirements of ifrs are measured in accordance with the standards applicable to them.  the elimination entries for transactio ns between continuing and discontinued operations are assigned in full to discontinued operations.  in reporting the activities of the discontinued operation are not assigned to a reportable segment

Score 0.428
a key element of business a ctivities in the divisions of the vehicle systems segment in the weapon and ammunition division and in the electronic solutions division comprises longterm customer contracts with different performance obligations.  thus sales are frequently recognized over a period of time.  the application of accounting standards also requires judgments in determining the type of sales realization and identifying individual performance obligations.  the acquisition of the shares in rheinmetall bae systems land ltd.  in requires rheinmetall to make payments to the bae groups pension fund for the entitlements earned by the acquired employees

Score 0.427
at a functional level a structured process has been established to specifically identify new opportunities and technological potential evaluate them in a structured manner and transfer them to business areas that can be commercialized via program management.  the operating units are involved in th is process at a very early stage in order to increase the probability of success of the business ideas and to support the projects and programs during implementation.  potential for current business operations is managed among other things in regular rev iew sessions between the executive board and the heads of the divisions and central departments.  based on an examination of structured assessments of market industry and competition data discussions focus on economic market industry and sales developme nts as well as the competitive situation and technological trends.  the next step involves defining strategic initiatives and operational measures that are aimed at realizing the potential opportunities that have been identified

Score 0.426
this approach has eliminated existing uncertainties.  in the case of manufacturing overheads procedures were applied that assumed an interdependenc e between sales and operating costs of the respective product.  it was not possible to break down the overhead costs separately.  however this procedure ensured that there was no double counting.  activities that pursue a goal other than generating sales particularly energyrelated measures were analyzed on the basis of itemizations

Score 0.426
due to the fact that this category is an addition to the annex to the environmental objective climate change mitigation of the dele gated regulation published in june the economic activities in this category are not checked for conformity and are therefore reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety.  construction of new buildings . .  all new construction activities of the rheinmetall group have been allocated to the construction of new buildings criteria set.  this involves the implementation of construction projects for residential and nonresidential buildings for the groups own account for resale or on a fee or contrac t basis

Score 0.425
in the income statement the earnings after taxes of the discontinued operations are combined in a separate item as earnings from discontinued operations.  the previous years figures in the income statement are restated accordingly.  the statement of cash flows continues to compr ise the cash flows of the entire group and is supplemented by an of which item for the net cash flows of discontinued operations.  contract assets and contract liabilities contract assets are recognized in connection with contracts with customers if in the case of contract manufacturing the cumulative sales recognized over time exceed the sum of the advance payments received and progress billings.  as of the end of the reporting period this asset item is tested for impairment and if necessary an imp airment is recognized on the basis of expected losses

Score 0.425
in addition any v alues that did not generate sales in the reporting period but could be assigned to categories b or c were identified.  in a second step the sets of categories were applied to the economic activities of the divisions.  to gain an initial estimate of the taxonomy eligibility in the expected annual values were also added.  in addition these were used to determine an internal materiality limit as the granularity in the determination made possible by the eu taxonomy regulation in particular for c c apital expenditure cannot yet be fully technically implemented.  the materiality limit for comparability is based on the methodology of previous years which is approximately of the taxonomyeligible totals of sales operating expenditure and invest ments less special effects

Score 0.425
.  method of determination the recording of taxonomyrelevant economic activities was carried out using a decentralized topdown approach.  the organizational structure of the rheinmetall group was the guiding principle here so the screening and allocation of economic activities took place at division level as well as at the level of the rh einmetall ag rheinmetall real estate rheinmetall it solutions and rheinmetall technology center business units.  as part of this the determination was divided into three phases identification of relevant category sets allocation of economic activities taxonomy eligibility and taxonomy alignment testing.  the categories were identified for all six environmental objectives

Score 0.424
g.  in technical implementation projectspecific additions and related cost increases capacity and supply bottlenecks as well as quality problems with business partners or suppliers unforeseeable developments during assembly and deferred dates of acceptance and settlement.  these risks can be minimized though not entirely ruled out through the technical expertise and longstanding project experience of the employees professional project management verification levels for each project stage comprehensive qu ality management measures and the appropriate formulation of contracts.  suppliers and procurement the purchasing organization is controlled by the chief purchasing officer cpo.  it is managed via a matrix structure with the procurement units in the divis ions reporting to the cpo in functional terms while there are also central units in procurement such as governance esg and commodity management that cooperate with the divisions

Score 0.423
activities in the field of acquisition and management of prop erty in buildings fall under category .  of the eu taxonomy regulation.  here in particular sales from the rental of buildings or the purchase of a property are to be recognized as taxonomyeligible.  the construction of new buildings for own use should a lso be included here.  the majority of the economic activities assigned to this category do not meet the criteria for a significant contribution

Score 0.423
to this end market industry and technology trends are cont inually monitored including as part of integrated strategy and planning processes and target markets are analyzed intensively and assessed in terms of their strategic and economic significance for the rheinmetall groups areas of business.  to identify a nd initially assess opportunities and success potential the operating units are closely linked with functions at group level including corporate strategy and development and research technology and innovation.  at a functional level a structured process has been established to specifically identify new opportunities and technological potential evaluate them in a structured manner and transfer them to business areas that can be commercialized via program management.  the operating units are involved in th is process at a very early stage in order to increase the probability of success of the business ideas and to support the projects and programs during implementation.  potential for current business operations is managed among other things in regular rev iew sessions between the executive board and the heads of the divisions and central departments

Score 0.422
of the eu taxonomy regulation.  here in particular sales from the rental of buildings or the purchase of a property are to be recognized as taxonomyeligible.  the construction of new buildings for own use should a lso be included here.  the majority of the economic activities assigned to this category do not meet the criteria for a significant contribution.  in düsseldorf however rheinmetall immobilien gesellschaft mbh generates taxonomyaligned sales from the renta l of the deltad office building

Score 0.422
this will allow the group to better address the specific challenges a nd opportunities of the respective markets.  both divisions already have their own management team and are directly managed by the executive board.  corporate management and control in external repor ting the two divisions are presented as one segment vehicle systems.  to ensure that the structure of the group better reflects the technologies products and business areas it covers individual companies were also allocated to different divisions or to the group service companies and other nonoperating companies in line with their business activity with effect from october .  this had a particular impact on weapon and ammunition and electronic solutions

Score 0.421
in the annexes to environmental objectives of the delegated regulation there were also some changes to the wording regarding compliance with the nace codes which stipulate a stricter interpretation.  while the wording a the economic activities in this category could be associated with several nace codes is always used in environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation the categories in environmental objectives now often contain the wording b the economic activity relates to . . .  classified under the nace codes

Score 0.421
the increase in the overall total is explained by the fact that in contrast to the previous fiscal year new economic activities such as the manufacture of drones or the refurbishment of endoflife vehicles have now been included as a result of the new environmental objectives.  however they are not reported as taxonomyeligible in this fiscal year beyond their taxonomyaligned status.  simulators which meet the requirements of taxonomy alignment and were already included in the previous fiscal year also account for a significant proportion this year.  in the area of components for electric vehicles such as electric water pumps used to cool batteries considerable sales were again generated in the series production business this fiscal year.  as in the previous fiscal year considerable taxonomyeligible sales were also generated through the production of civilian logistics and special vehicles

Score 0.421
further training for employees further training assumin g responsibility and promotion opportunities have a high degree of relevance for the commitment and satisfaction of our employees.  to ensure the planned growth and letter to sharehold ers combined management report consolidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects o f business activities employees rheinmetall annual report future viability of the rheinmetall group in consideration of additional demographic factor s and the shortage of specialist staff that is expected in many places the development of employees talented management trainees and experienced specialist and managerial staff in line with current and future requirements constitutes a key factor for the companys success.  thus strategic personnel planning is aligned to securing and continuously raising the high skill levels to ensure that the group companies can achieve their business goals.  annual appraisal interviews between management and employees a re deployed to talk about performance targets and individual development options.  a range of training opportunities are in place to support rheinmetall employees with planning their own development achieving individual learning objectives and expanding t heir skills to meet the requirements of their current positions or to obtain new positions

Score 0.42
expal excl.  expal taxonomyaligned economic activities .  .  .

Score 0.42
consequently the taxonomyrelevant transactions are also only a subset of this limited unit.  the denominator must inclu de direct noncapitalized expenses incurred for research and development building renovation measures shortterm leasing maintenance and repair and all other direct expenses from the maintenance of property plant and equipment to ensure operational re adiness.  here too we have used standardized reporting formats and thus include maintenance costs expenses for shortterm and lowvalue leases and noncapitalized expenses for research and development.  the additional determination of expenses for the da ily maintenance of assets has been carried out since .  rheinmetall understands this to mean internal expenses incurred in connection with maintenance and repair by its own personnel and therefore not included in other operating expenses

Score 0.42
in addition the opportunities that arise are logged and evaluated as part of the forecast prepared three times a year.  opportunities and potential success deemed strategically important for t he medium and long term are included in the threeyear mediumterm corporate planning on the one hand and on the other discussed at the annual groupwide global strategy meeting the semiannual product planning day and division strategy meetings for periods beyond this horizon where they are assessed and prioritized in terms of their significance for future business development and assigned a budget if necessary.  as a technology group we follow and promote continual product and technology innovations and their modifications.  this is associated with a diversification of our product and service portfolio and the development letter to shareholders combined management report consolidated financial statement further information risks and opportunities opportunity management rheinmetall annual re port of new and dynamic markets with the aim of acquiring new customers as well as supporting existing customers with growing challenges and encouraging their confidence in technology.  opportunities due to increasing defence spending triggered by the military conflict between russia and ukraine nato nations in particular are expected to increase their defence spending further

Score 0.419
based on existing written agreements and framework contracts with customers the nominated backlog figure shows the future calloffs expected for the civil business from these customer agreements.  the sales resulting from the frame b acklog and the nominated backlog may differ from the corresponding amounts depending on the final calloff quantities.  the new rheinmetall nomination indicator is composed of the previously used order intake and booked business indicators as well as the ne w flow indicator for the security business the frame nomination.  similarly to the booked business indicator used for the civil business this represents the expected value of new framework agreements concluded with customers.  like booked business frame n omination does not yet represent binding customer orders so actual calloff volumes and the resulting sales may vary

Score 0.419
this capital expenditure primarily related to energy optimization measures at the groups locations.  both the efficient use of electricity and water and the use of waste heat in our production to save natural resources for heat generation were focus areas of the further taxonomyeligible capital expenditure.  .  operating expenses the denominator of operating expenditures is limited to certain expenses.  consequently the taxonomyrelevant transactions are also only a subset of this limited unit

Score 0.418
according to eu annex i the capital expenditure and operating expenditure kpis are subdivided as a directly attributable to a taxonomyeligible oraligned activity b serving to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities or c relating to the acquisition of production from taxonomyaligned economic activities and to individual measures through which the target activities are carried out in a lowcarbon manner or the emission of greenhouse gases is reduced.  derived from this the assignment of the category sets first identified the salesgenerating economic activities and the associated capital and operating expenditure.  in addition any v alues that did not generate sales in the reporting period but could be assigned to categories b or c were identified.  in a second step the sets of categories were applied to the economic activities of the divisions.  to gain an initial estimate of the taxonomy eligibility in the expected annual values were also added

Score 0.418
.  strategy technology and esg committee no mandates in other supervisory boards dr. ing.  dr.  ing

Score 0.417
in december participants from letter to shareholders combined management report conso lidated financial statement further information nonfinancial aspects of business activities employees rheinmetall annual report all over the world experienced a varied program at the open taking responsibility in a changing world event which focused on business activities in the area of defence and security and included technological innovations as well as outlooks on the transformation of the rheinmetall group.  management functions across the rheinmetall group are classified on a hierarchical basis into eight management levels which correlate to the five management clusters.  determining factors for classifying a job to a management cluster include the level of operating professional and manage ment responsibility.  in the year under review persons previous year were assigned to the upper three management clusters including women previous year .