Scores_k_FINANCIAL AND INSURANCE ACTIVITIESScore 0.63
financial assets financial assets primarily comprise receivables from financial services trade receivables receivables from banks cash on hand derivative financial assets marketable securities and similar investments and financial investments.  the classification of financial instruments is based on the business model in which these instruments are held and on their contractual cash flows.  the determination of the business model is carried out at the portfolio level and is based on managements intention and past transaction patterns.  assessments of the contractual cash flows are made on an instrumentbyinstrument basis.  financial assets at fair value through profit or loss financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets with cash flows other than those of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding

Score 0.627
equitymethod investments .  receivables from financial services .  marketable debt securities and similar investments .  other financial assets .  other assets

Score 0.625
furthermore income and expenses from equity interests are included in other financial incomeexpense if such income or expenses are not presented under gainslosses on equitymethod investments.  interest income and interest expense interest income and interest expense include interest income from investments in securities and from cash and cash equivalents as well as interest expense from liabilities.  furthermore interest and changes in fair values related to interest rate hedging activities as well as income and expense resulting from the allocation of premiums and discounts are included.  the interest components of defined benefit pension commitments and similar obligations as well as of the plan assets available to cover these obligations and interest on supplementary income tax payments or reimbursements are also presented in this line item.  interest income and expense and gains or losses from derivative financial instruments related to the financial services business are disclosed under revenue and cost of sales respectively

Score 0.624
.  liabilities to financial institutions .  .  deposits in the direct banking business .

Score 0.623
pensions and similar obligations .  provisions for other risks .  financing liabilities .  other financial liabilities .  deferred income

Score 0.62
sharebased payment .  pensions and similar obligations .  provisions for other risks .  financing liabilities .  other financial liabilities

Score 0.616
the classification of financial instruments is based on the business model in which these instruments are held and on their contractual cash flows.  the determination of the business model is carried out at the portfolio level and is based on managements intention and past transaction patterns.  assessments of the contractual cash flows are made on an instrumentbyinstrument basis.  financial assets at fair value through profit or loss financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets with cash flows other than those of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding.  furthermore financial assets that are held in a business model other than hold to collect or hold to collect and sell are included here

Score 0.606
interest income and interest expense interest income and interest expense include interest income from investments in securities and from cash and cash equivalents as well as interest expense from liabilities.  furthermore interest and changes in fair values related to interest rate hedging activities as well as income and expense resulting from the allocation of premiums and discounts are included.  the interest components of defined benefit pension commitments and similar obligations as well as of the plan assets available to cover these obligations and interest on supplementary income tax payments or reimbursements are also presented in this line item.  interest income and expense and gains or losses from derivative financial instruments related to the financial services business are disclosed under revenue and cost of sales respectively.  expense from the compounding of interest on provisions for other risks is presented in other financial incomeexpense

Score 0.602
trade receivables .  equity .  sharebased payment .  pensions and similar obligations .  provisions for other risks

Score 0.602
equity .  sharebased payment .  pensions and similar obligations .  provisions for other risks .  financing liabilities

Score 0.599
furthermore interest and changes in fair values related to interest rate hedging activities as well as income and expense resulting from the allocation of premiums and discounts are included.  the interest components of defined benefit pension commitments and similar obligations as well as of the plan assets available to cover these obligations and interest on supplementary income tax payments or reimbursements are also presented in this line item.  interest income and expense and gains or losses from derivative financial instruments related to the financial services business are disclosed under revenue and cost of sales respectively.  expense from the compounding of interest on provisions for other risks is presented in other financial incomeexpense.  income taxes income taxes are comprised of current income taxes and deferred taxes

Score 0.592
for the purpose of subsequent measurement financial instruments are allocated to one of the categories mentioned in ifrs financial instruments financial assets measured at amortized cost financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.  transaction costs directly attributable to acquisition or issuance are considered when determining the carrying amount if the financial instruments are not measured at fair value through profit or loss.  financial assets financial assets primarily comprise receivables from financial services trade receivables receivables from banks cash on hand derivative financial assets marketable securities and similar investments and financial investments.  the classification of financial instruments is based on the business model in which these instruments are held and on their contractual cash flows.  the determination of the business model is carried out at the portfolio level and is based on managements intention and past transaction patterns

Score 0.584
liabilities to financial institutions .  .  deposits in the direct banking business .  .  detailed information on the amounts and terms of the main items of financing liabilities is provided in notes and of the notes to the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.582
receivables from financial services .  marketable debt securities and similar investments .  other financial assets .  other assets .  inventories

Score 0.578
property plant and equipment .  equipment on operating leases .  equitymethod investments .  receivables from financial services .  marketable debt securities and similar investments

Score 0.577
provisions for other risks .  financing liabilities .  other financial liabilities .  deferred income .  contract and refund liabilities

Score 0.576
upon initial recognition financial instruments are measured at fair value.  for the purpose of subsequent measurement financial instruments are allocated to one of the categories mentioned in ifrs financial instruments financial assets measured at amortized cost financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.  transaction costs directly attributable to acquisition or issuance are considered when determining the carrying amount if the financial instruments are not measured at fair value through profit or loss.  financial assets financial assets primarily comprise receivables from financial services trade receivables receivables from banks cash on hand derivative financial assets marketable securities and similar investments and financial investments.  the classification of financial instruments is based on the business model in which these instruments are held and on their contractual cash flows

Score 0.568
.  deposits in the direct banking business .  .  detailed information on the amounts and terms of the main items of financing liabilities is provided in notes and of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  note of the notes to the consolidated financial statements also provides information on the maturities of the other financial liabilities

Score 0.567
other liabilities consolidated statement of cash flows .  legal proceedings .  contingent liabilities and other financial obligations .  financial instruments .  management of financial risks

Score 0.565
other financial assets .  other assets .  inventories .  trade receivables .  equity

Score 0.564
equipment on operating leases .  equitymethod investments .  receivables from financial services .  marketable debt securities and similar investments .  other financial assets

Score 0.562
inventories .  trade receivables .  equity .  sharebased payment .  pensions and similar obligations

Score 0.556
financial instruments .  management of financial risks .  segment reporting .  capital management .  earnings per share

Score 0.554
legal proceedings .  contingent liabilities and other financial obligations .  financial instruments .  management of financial risks .  segment reporting

Score 0.554
furthermore financial assets that are held in a business model other than hold to collect or hold to collect and sell are included here.  in addition d erivatives including embedded derivatives separated from the host contract which are not classified as hedging instruments in hedge accounting as well as shares and marketable debt securities acquired for the purpose of selling in the short term that are classified as held for trading are included here.  gains or losses on these financial assets are recognized in profit or loss.  financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are nonderivative financial assets with contractual cash flows that consist solely of payments of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding and which are held to collect the contractual cash flows as well as to sell the financial assets e. g

Score 0.553
in addition d erivatives including embedded derivatives separated from the host contract which are not classified as hedging instruments in hedge accounting as well as shares and marketable debt securities acquired for the purpose of selling in the short term that are classified as held for trading are included here.  gains or losses on these financial assets are recognized in profit or loss.  financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are nonderivative financial assets with contractual cash flows that consist solely of payments of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding and which are held to collect the contractual cash flows as well as to sell the financial assets e. g.  to achieve a defined liquidity target business model hold to collect and sell

Score 0.55
further information on marketable debt securities and similar investments is provided in note .  .  other financial assets the line item other financial assets presented in the consolidated s tatement of financial position is comprised as shown in the following table.  further information on other financial assets is provided in note .  at december other financial assets included receivables with a carrying amount of million million that were pledged as collateral for liabilities

Score 0.55
the performance of the asset management is measured by comparison with defined benchmark indices.  the investment risks are limited via a groupwide policy.  in addition there are local regulations for risk management for the individual plan assets.  additional information on pension plans and similar obligations is provided in note of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  the risk volume that is subject to credit risk management includes the mercedesbenz groups worldwide creditor positions with financial institutions issuers of securities and customers in the financial services business as well as trade receivables

Score 0.548
financial instruments in the form of financial assets and financial liabilities are generally presented separately.  financial instruments are recognized as soon as the mercedesbenz group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument.  in the case of purchases or sales of financial assets through the regular market the mercedes benz group uses the transaction date as the date of initial recognition or derecognition.  upon initial recognition financial instruments are measured at fair value.  for the purpose of subsequent measurement financial instruments are allocated to one of the categories mentioned in ifrs financial instruments financial assets measured at amortized cost financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss

Score 0.547
marketable debt securities and similar investments .  other financial assets .  other assets .  inventories .  trade receivables

Score 0.545
contingent liabilities and other financial obligations .  financial instruments .  management of financial risks .  segment reporting .  capital management

Score 0.545
those assets include the debt instruments that are allocated to liquidity most of which are traded in active markets.  they generally have an external rating of a or better. other financial assets of .  billion were at the prioryear level.  they consist primarily of derivative financial instruments equity and debt instruments shares in nonconsolidated subsidiaries and loans and other receivables from third parties

Score 0.545
when a shortterm liquidity requirement is covered with quoted securities those securities are presented as current assets.  further information on marketable debt securities and similar investments is provided in note .  .  other financial assets the line item other financial assets presented in the consolidated s tatement of financial position is comprised as shown in the following table.  further information on other financial assets is provided in note

Score 0.544
other financial incomeexpense other financial incomeexpense includes all income and expense from financial transactions which are included neither in interest income nor in interest expense and which for mercedes benz mobility are included neither in revenue nor in cost of sales.  furthermore income and expenses from equity interests are included in other financial incomeexpense if such income or expenses are not presented under gainslosses on equitymethod investments.  interest income and interest expense interest income and interest expense include interest income from investments in securities and from cash and cash equivalents as well as interest expense from liabilities.  furthermore interest and changes in fair values related to interest rate hedging activities as well as income and expense resulting from the allocation of premiums and discounts are included.  the interest components of defined benefit pension commitments and similar obligations as well as of the plan assets available to cover these obligations and interest on supplementary income tax payments or reimbursements are also presented in this line item

Score 0.541
transaction costs directly attributable to acquisition or issuance are considered when determining the carrying amount if the financial instruments are not measured at fair value through profit or loss.  financial assets financial assets primarily comprise receivables from financial services trade receivables receivables from banks cash on hand derivative financial assets marketable securities and similar investments and financial investments.  the classification of financial instruments is based on the business model in which these instruments are held and on their contractual cash flows.  the determination of the business model is carried out at the portfolio level and is based on managements intention and past transaction patterns.  assessments of the contractual cash flows are made on an instrumentbyinstrument basis

Score 0.537
other financial liabilities .  deferred income .  contract and refund liabilities .  other liabilities consolidated statement of cash flows .  legal proceedings

Score 0.536
assessments of the contractual cash flows are made on an instrumentbyinstrument basis.  financial assets at fair value through profit or loss financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets with cash flows other than those of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding.  furthermore financial assets that are held in a business model other than hold to collect or hold to collect and sell are included here.  in addition d erivatives including embedded derivatives separated from the host contract which are not classified as hedging instruments in hedge accounting as well as shares and marketable debt securities acquired for the purpose of selling in the short term that are classified as held for trading are included here.  gains or losses on these financial assets are recognized in profit or loss

Score 0.535
in addition there are local regulations for risk management for the individual plan assets.  additional information on pension plans and similar obligations is provided in note of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  the risk volume that is subject to credit risk management includes the mercedesbenz groups worldwide creditor positions with financial institutions issuers of securities and customers in the financial services business as well as trade receivables.  credit risks with financial institutions and issuers of securities arise primarily from investments executed as part of our liquidity management and from the application of derivative financial instruments.  the management of these credit risks is mainly based on an internal limit system that reflects the creditworthiness of the respective financial institution or issuer

Score 0.535
the investment risks are limited via a groupwide policy.  in addition there are local regulations for risk management for the individual plan assets.  additional information on pension plans and similar obligations is provided in note of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  the risk volume that is subject to credit risk management includes the mercedesbenz groups worldwide creditor positions with financial institutions issuers of securities and customers in the financial services business as well as trade receivables.  credit risks with financial institutions and issuers of securities arise primarily from investments executed as part of our liquidity management and from the application of derivative financial instruments

Score 0.534
the interest components of defined benefit pension commitments and similar obligations as well as of the plan assets available to cover these obligations and interest on supplementary income tax payments or reimbursements are also presented in this line item.  interest income and expense and gains or losses from derivative financial instruments related to the financial services business are disclosed under revenue and cost of sales respectively.  expense from the compounding of interest on provisions for other risks is presented in other financial incomeexpense.  income taxes income taxes are comprised of current income taxes and deferred taxes.  current income taxes are calculated based on the respective local taxable income and local tax rules for the period

Score 0.529
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets with cash flows other than those of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding.  furthermore financial assets that are held in a business model other than hold to collect or hold to collect and sell are included here.  in addition d erivatives including embedded derivatives separated from the host contract which are not classified as hedging instruments in hedge accounting as well as shares and marketable debt securities acquired for the purpose of selling in the short term that are classified as held for trading are included here.  gains or losses on these financial assets are recognized in profit or loss.  financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are nonderivative financial assets with contractual cash flows that consist solely of payments of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding and which are held to collect the contractual cash flows as well as to sell the financial assets e

Score 0.528
these financial obligations result from contractual commitments to acquire intangible assets property plant and equipment equipment on operating leases and irrevocable loan commitments. detailed information on contingent liabilities and other financial obligations is provided in note of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. refinancing the funds raised by the mercedesbenz group in the year primarily served to refinance the leasing and salesfinancing business.  for that purpose the mercedesbenz group made use of a broad spectrum of various financing instruments in various currencies and markets.  they include bank loans commercial paper in the money market bonds promissorynote loans and the securitization of receivables in the financial services business assetbacked securities

Score 0.527
other financial assets of .  billion were at the prioryear level.  they consist primarily of derivative financial instruments equity and debt instruments shares in nonconsolidated subsidiaries and loans and other receivables from third parties. the other assets of .  billion

Score 0.527
inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements in the case of manufactured inventories and work in progress manufacturing cost also includes production overheads based on normal capacity.  financial instruments a financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.  financial instruments in the form of financial assets and financial liabilities are generally presented separately.  financial instruments are recognized as soon as the mercedesbenz group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument.  in the case of purchases or sales of financial assets through the regular market the mercedes benz group uses the transaction date as the date of initial recognition or derecognition

Score 0.526
they generally have an external rating of a or better. other financial assets of .  billion were at the prioryear level.  they consist primarily of derivative financial instruments equity and debt instruments shares in nonconsolidated subsidiaries and loans and other receivables from third parties. the other assets of

Score 0.526
deferred income .  contract and refund liabilities .  other liabilities consolidated statement of cash flows .  legal proceedings .  contingent liabilities and other financial obligations

Score 0.523
the plan assets are spread across a broad range of investment categories such as equities fixedinterest securities alternative investments and real estate depending on the expected development of pension obligations and with the help of riskreturn optimization.  the performance of the asset management is measured by comparison with defined benchmark indices.  the investment risks are limited via a groupwide policy.  in addition there are local regulations for risk management for the individual plan assets.  additional information on pension plans and similar obligations is provided in note of the notes to the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.523
contract and refund liabilities .  other liabilities consolidated statement of cash flows .  legal proceedings .  contingent liabilities and other financial obligations .  financial instruments

Score 0.523
other assets .  inventories .  trade receivables .  equity .  sharebased payment

Score 0.522
additional information on pension plans and similar obligations is provided in note of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  the risk volume that is subject to credit risk management includes the mercedesbenz groups worldwide creditor positions with financial institutions issuers of securities and customers in the financial services business as well as trade receivables.  credit risks with financial institutions and issuers of securities arise primarily from investments executed as part of our liquidity management and from the application of derivative financial instruments.  the management of these credit risks is mainly based on an internal limit system that reflects the creditworthiness of the respective financial institution or issuer.  the credit risk with customers of the automotive business results from relationships with contracted dealerships and general agencies other corporate customers and retail customers

Score 0.521
the plan assets are legally separated from the groups assets and are invested primarily in funds they are not available for general business purposes.  the plan assets are spread across a broad range of investment categories such as equities fixedinterest securities alternative investments and real estate depending on the expected development of pension obligations and with the help of riskreturn optimization.  the performance of the asset management is measured by comparison with defined benchmark indices.  the investment risks are limited via a groupwide policy.  in addition there are local regulations for risk management for the individual plan assets

Score 0.52
changes in other operating assets and liabilities in millions of euros provisions financial instruments miscellaneous other assets and liabilities the increase in miscellaneous other assets and liabilities compared with the previous year was primarily related to miscellaneous other financial assets liabilities from accrued interest and deferred income.  in the prior year significant positive effects resulted from assets in connection with the securitization of receivables and from contractual liabilities for price discounts.  this was partially offset by lower negative effects in miscellaneous other financial liabilities and the contract liabilities for service and maintenance agreements.  the following cash flows are included in c ash flow from operating activities.  cash flows included in cash flow from operating activities in millions of euros interest paid interest received dividends received from equitymethod investments dividends received from other shareholdings the other non cash expense and income shown in the reconciliation of profit before income taxes to cash flow from operating activities in the reporting year primarily comprised the groups share of gainslosses on equity method investments and the result from the fair value measurement of debt instruments

Score 0.52
gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognized in profit or loss.  derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting the group uses derivative financial instruments exclusively for hedging financial risks that arise from its operating or financing activities or liquidity management.  these are mainly currency risks interest rate risks and commodity price risks.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements contracts for the purchase or sale of non financial items are regularly qualified as executory contracts and thus treated as suspended transactions although they fulfil the definition of a derivative.  if such contracts do not meet the criteria for executory contracts they are recorded as derivatives

Score 0.52
other financial incomeexpense .  interest income and interest expense .  income taxes .  intangible assets .  property plant and equipment

Score 0.52
the decrease in other financial liabilities is mainly attributable to lower liabilities from derivative financial instruments the carrying amount of which declined due to interest and exchangerate developments. the contract and refund liabilities of .  billion were below the .  billion of the previous year.  they include in particular deferred revenue from service and maintenance contracts and extended warranties as well as obligations from sales transactions that are within the scope of ifrs

Score 0.52
the decisionmaking body is the treasury risk management committee which meets regularly.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information profitability liquidity and capital resources financial positionannual report mercedesbenz groupmanagement of pension assets plan assets includes the investment of the assets to cover the corresponding pension obligations.  the plan assets are legally separated from the groups assets and are invested primarily in funds they are not available for general business purposes.  the plan assets are spread across a broad range of investment categories such as equities fixedinterest securities alternative investments and real estate depending on the expected development of pension obligations and with the help of riskreturn optimization.  the performance of the asset management is measured by comparison with defined benchmark indices

Score 0.519
inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements .  financial instruments carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments the t able carrying amounts and fair value s of financial instruments s hows the carrying amounts and fair values of the respective classes of the groups financial instruments and contain the group amounts including assets and liabilities held for sale.  the fair values of financial instruments were calculated on the basis of market information available on the balance sheet date.  the following methods and assumptions were used.  receivables from financial services the fair values of receivables from financial services with variable interest rates are estimated to be equal to the respective carrying amounts because the agreed upon interest rates and those available in the market do not significantly differ

Score 0.519
management of financial risks .  segment reporting .  capital management .  earnings per share .  related party disclosures

Score 0.519
the determination of the business model is carried out at the portfolio level and is based on managements intention and past transaction patterns.  assessments of the contractual cash flows are made on an instrumentbyinstrument basis.  financial assets at fair value through profit or loss financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets with cash flows other than those of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding.  furthermore financial assets that are held in a business model other than hold to collect or hold to collect and sell are included here.  in addition d erivatives including embedded derivatives separated from the host contract which are not classified as hedging instruments in hedge accounting as well as shares and marketable debt securities acquired for the purpose of selling in the short term that are classified as held for trading are included here

Score 0.518
inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information profitability liquidity and capital resources financial positionannual report mercedesbenz groupmanagement of pension assets plan assets includes the investment of the assets to cover the corresponding pension obligations.  the plan assets are legally separated from the groups assets and are invested primarily in funds they are not available for general business purposes.  the plan assets are spread across a broad range of investment categories such as equities fixedinterest securities alternative investments and real estate depending on the expected development of pension obligations and with the help of riskreturn optimization.  the performance of the asset management is measured by comparison with defined benchmark indices.  the investment risks are limited via a groupwide policy

Score 0.518
they mainly comprise liabilities from residualvalue guarantees from payroll accounting from derivative financial instruments deposits received and liabilities from accrued interest on financing liabilities.  the decrease in other financial liabilities is mainly attributable to lower liabilities from derivative financial instruments the carrying amount of which declined due to interest and exchangerate developments. the contract and refund liabilities of .  billion were below the .  billion of the previous year

Score 0.517
financial instruments are recognized as soon as the mercedesbenz group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument.  in the case of purchases or sales of financial assets through the regular market the mercedes benz group uses the transaction date as the date of initial recognition or derecognition.  upon initial recognition financial instruments are measured at fair value.  for the purpose of subsequent measurement financial instruments are allocated to one of the categories mentioned in ifrs financial instruments financial assets measured at amortized cost financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.  transaction costs directly attributable to acquisition or issuance are considered when determining the carrying amount if the financial instruments are not measured at fair value through profit or loss

Score 0.517
the guidelines upon which the groups risk management processes for financial risks are based are designed to identify and analys e these risks throughout the group to set appropriate risk limits and controls and to monitor the risks by means of reliable and up todate administrative and information systems.  the guidelines and systems are regularly reviewed and adjusted to changes in markets and products.  the group manages and monitors these risks primarily through its operating and financing activities and if required through the use of derivative financial instruments.  the mercedes benz group uses derivative financial instruments exclusively for hedging financial risks that arise from its business operations or re financing activities or liquidity management .  without these derivative financial instruments the group would be exposed to higher financial risks

Score 0.516
g.  with a change in the present value of the contractual cash flows of also leads to derecognition of the financial assets with a simultaneous recognition of new financial assets.  if the terms of a contract are renegotiated or modified and this does not result in derecognition of the contract then the gross carrying amount of the contract is recalculated and a modification gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss. offsetting of financial instruments financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented in the consolidated statement of financial position provided that an enforceable right currently exists to offset the amounts involved and there is an intention either to carry out the offsetting on a net basis or to settle a liability when the related asset is sold .  financial liabilities financial liabilities primarily include trade payables liabilities to financial institutions bonds derivative financial liabilities and other liabilities

Score 0.516
other financial incomeexpense the following table shows the components of other financial incomeexpense net.  other financial incomeexpense net in millions of euros income and expense from compounding and effects from changes in discount rates of provisions for other risks income from equity instruments expense from equity instruments miscellaneous other financial incomeexpense net miscellaneous other financial incomeexpense mainly includes net income previous year net expenses from the measurement of financial assets and liabilities.  .  interest income and interest expense the following table shows the components of interest income and interest expense .  interest income and interest expense in millions of euros interest income net interest income on the net assets of defined benefit pension plans interest and similar income interest expense net interest expense on the net obligation from defined benefit pension plans interest and similar expense due to the global increase in interest rates net interest incomeexpense improved in

Score 0.516
v.  acts as a collateral trust fund.  in mercedes benz group ag transferred certain pension obligations and plan assets of retired employees and their survivors to mercedes benz pensionsfonds ag previously daimler pensionsfonds ag pension fund.  these benefits are admin istrated by that non insurancelike pension fund which falls under the scope of the act on the supervision of insurance undertakings and is therefore subject to the oversight of the federal financial supervisory agency bafin.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements insofar as in the future bafin rules that a deficit has occurred in the pe nsion fund a supplementary con tribution will be required from mercedes benz group ag

Score 0.515
the hedging strategy is specified at group level and uniformly implemented.  the decisionmaking body is the treasury risk management committee which meets regularly.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information profitability liquidity and capital resources financial positionannual report mercedesbenz groupmanagement of pension assets plan assets includes the investment of the assets to cover the corresponding pension obligations.  the plan assets are legally separated from the groups assets and are invested primarily in funds they are not available for general business purposes.  the plan assets are spread across a broad range of investment categories such as equities fixedinterest securities alternative investments and real estate depending on the expected development of pension obligations and with the help of riskreturn optimization

Score 0.515
intangible assets .  property plant and equipment .  equipment on operating leases .  equitymethod investments .  receivables from financial services

Score 0.515
billion to .  billion as part of the liquidity management.  those assets include the debt instruments that are allocated to liquidity most of which are traded in active markets.  they generally have an external rating of a or better. other financial assets of

Score 0.513
they also include provisions for anticipated losses on pending transactions and various other risks which cannot be allocated to any other class of provision.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements the development of provisions for other risks is as follow s.  provisions for other risks product warranties personnel and social costs litigation risks and regulatory proceedings others total in millions of euros balance at december thereof current thereof noncurrent additions utilizations reversals compounding and effects from changes in discount rates exchangerate effects and other changes balance at december thereof current thereof noncurrent inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements .  financing liabilities the composition of financing liabilities is as follows.  financing liabilities at december at december current noncurrent total current noncurrent total in millions of euros bonds commercial paper liabilities to financial institutions deposits in the direct banking business liabilities from abs transactions lease liabilities loans other financing liabilities information on the maturities of lease liabilities as of december is provided in note

Score 0.513
inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements .  other financial incomeexpense the following table shows the components of other financial incomeexpense net.  other financial incomeexpense net in millions of euros income and expense from compounding and effects from changes in discount rates of provisions for other risks income from equity instruments expense from equity instruments miscellaneous other financial incomeexpense net miscellaneous other financial incomeexpense mainly includes net income previous year net expenses from the measurement of financial assets and liabilities.  .  interest income and interest expense the following table shows the components of interest income and interest expense

Score 0.512
this item also includes impairment losses andor gains on the reversal of such impairments of equitymethod investments.  other financial incomeexpense other financial incomeexpense includes all income and expense from financial transactions which are included neither in interest income nor in interest expense and which for mercedes benz mobility are included neither in revenue nor in cost of sales.  furthermore income and expenses from equity interests are included in other financial incomeexpense if such income or expenses are not presented under gainslosses on equitymethod investments.  interest income and interest expense interest income and interest expense include interest income from investments in securities and from cash and cash equivalents as well as interest expense from liabilities.  furthermore interest and changes in fair values related to interest rate hedging activities as well as income and expense resulting from the allocation of premiums and discounts are included

Score 0.511
the receivables transferred to structured entities usually result from the leasing and salesfinancing business.  those entities refinance the purchase price by issuing securities.  the special funds are set up in particular in order to diversify the capitalinvestment strategy.  at the reporting date the group has business relationships with controlled structured entities of which all are fully consolidated.  in addition as in the previous year the group has relationships with one noncontrolled structured entity

Score 0.508
most of these financial instruments are held in connection with the financial services business of mercedesbenz mobility.  interestrate risks and opportunities arise when fixedinterest periods are not congruent between the asset and liability sides of the balance sheet.  by means of refinancing coordinated with the terms of the financing agreements the risk of maturity mismatch is minimized from both an interestrate and a liquidity perspective.  remaining interestrate risks are managed with the use of derivative financial instruments.  the funding activities of the industrial business and the financial services business are coordinated at the group level

Score 0.507
the stated cash flows of financing liabilities consist of their undiscounted principal and interest payments.  the undiscounted sum of the cash flows of the derivative financial liabilities is shown for the respective year.  the cash outflows of trade payables are undiscounted.  the maximum available amounts are stated.  the maximum potential obligations under the issued financial guarantees are stated

Score 0.507
other provisions for other risks primarily comprise expected costs for provisions for environmental protection other taxes and charges related to income taxes as well as obligations from outstanding commission.  they also include provisions for anticipated losses on pending transactions and various other risks which cannot be allocated to any other class of provision.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements the development of provisions for other risks is as follow s.  provisions for other risks product warranties personnel and social costs litigation risks and regulatory proceedings others total in millions of euros balance at december thereof current thereof noncurrent additions utilizations reversals compounding and effects from changes in discount rates exchangerate effects and other changes balance at december thereof current thereof noncurrent inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements .  financing liabilities the composition of financing liabilities is as follows

Score 0.507
in the case of purchases or sales of financial assets through the regular market the mercedes benz group uses the transaction date as the date of initial recognition or derecognition.  upon initial recognition financial instruments are measured at fair value.  for the purpose of subsequent measurement financial instruments are allocated to one of the categories mentioned in ifrs financial instruments financial assets measured at amortized cost financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.  transaction costs directly attributable to acquisition or issuance are considered when determining the carrying amount if the financial instruments are not measured at fair value through profit or loss.  financial assets financial assets primarily comprise receivables from financial services trade receivables receivables from banks cash on hand derivative financial assets marketable securities and similar investments and financial investments

Score 0.505
they consist primarily of derivative financial instruments equity and debt instruments shares in nonconsolidated subsidiaries and loans and other receivables from third parties. the other assets of .  billion .  billion particularly include deferred taxes and tax refund claims.  in connection with the planned disposal of sales companies in other european countries the group is showing assets held for sale of

Score 0.505
the table transactions with related parties shows the information on the volume of goods and services supplied by these companies in the line companies controlled by related persons.  contributions to plan assets mercedes benz pension trust e. v.  manages the plan assets on a fiduciary basis to cover pension obligations in germany and is therefore a related party of the mercedes benz group.  another related party is mercedesbenz pensionsfonds ag

Score 0.503
detailed information on contingent liabilities and other financial obligations is provided in note of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. refinancing the funds raised by the mercedesbenz group in the year primarily served to refinance the leasing and salesfinancing business.  for that purpose the mercedesbenz group made use of a broad spectrum of various financing instruments in various currencies and markets.  they include bank loans commercial paper in the money market bonds promissorynote loans and the securitization of receivables in the financial services business assetbacked securities.  various issuance programmes are available for raising longerterm funds in the capital market

Score 0.503
with a change in the present value of the contractual cash flows of also leads to derecognition of the financial assets with a simultaneous recognition of new financial assets.  if the terms of a contract are renegotiated or modified and this does not result in derecognition of the contract then the gross carrying amount of the contract is recalculated and a modification gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss. offsetting of financial instruments financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented in the consolidated statement of financial position provided that an enforceable right currently exists to offset the amounts involved and there is an intention either to carry out the offsetting on a net basis or to settle a liability when the related asset is sold .  financial liabilities financial liabilities primarily include trade payables liabilities to financial institutions bonds derivative financial liabilities and other liabilities.  financial liabilities measured at amortized cost after initial recognition financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effectiveinterest method

Score 0.503
as a result these liabilities would be presented separately.  financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss financial liabilities recognized at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading.  derivatives including embedded derivatives separated from the host contract which are not used as hedging instruments in hedge accounting are classified as held for trading.  gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognized in profit or loss.  derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting the group uses derivative financial instruments exclusively for hedging financial risks that arise from its operating or financing activities or liquidity management

Score 0.503
total interest income and total interest expense total interest income and total interest expense for financial assets or financial liabilities that are not recognized at fair value through profit or loss are shown in the following table .  total interest income and total interest expense in millions of euros total interest income thereof from financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized costs thereof from financial assets recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income total interest expense thereof from financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized costs thereof from financial assets recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements information on derivative financial instruments use of derivatives the mercedes benz group u ses derivative financial instruments exclusively for hedging financial risks that arise from its operating or refinancing activities or from its liquidity management.  these are mainly currency risks interest rate risks and commodity price risks which have been defined as risk categories .  for these hedging purposes the group mainly uses currency forward transactions crosscurrency interest rate swaps interest rate swaps options and commodity forwards.  the following t able shows the am ounts for the transactions designated as hedging instruments

Score 0.501
financing liabilities .  other financial liabilities .  deferred income .  contract and refund liabilities .  other liabilities consolidated statement of cash flows

Score 0.501
these include the volume to be hedged the period to be hedged and the choice of hedging instruments.  the hedging strategy is specified at group level and uniformly implemented.  the decisionmaking body is the treasury risk management committee which meets regularly.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information profitability liquidity and capital resources financial positionannual report mercedesbenz groupmanagement of pension assets plan assets includes the investment of the assets to cover the corresponding pension obligations.  the plan assets are legally separated from the groups assets and are invested primarily in funds they are not available for general business purposes

Score 0.5
other financial assets the line item other financial assets presented in the consolidated s tatement of financial position is comprised as shown in the following table.  further information on other financial assets is provided in note .  at december other financial assets included receivables with a carrying amount of million million that were pledged as collateral for liabilities .  other financial assets at december at december current noncurrent total current noncurrent total in millions of euros equity instruments and debt instruments recognized at fair value through profit or loss recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting other financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss other receivables and miscellaneous other financial assets inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements .  other assets nonfinancial other assets are comprised as shown in the following table

Score 0.5
miscellaneous other financial liabilities are carried at amortized cost.  because of the predominantly short maturities of these financial instruments it is assumed that the fair values approximate the carryi ng amounts.  see note for further qualitative descriptions of accounting for and presentation of financial instruments including derivative financial instruments.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments at december at december carrying amount fair value carrying amount fair value in millions of euros receivables from financial services trade receivables cash and cash equivalents marketable debt securities and similar investments recognized at fair value through profit or loss recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income measured at cost other financial assets equity instruments and debt instruments recognized at fair value through profit or loss recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income other financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting other receivables and miscellaneous other financial assets financial assets financing liabilities trade payables other financial liabilities financial liabilities recognized at fair value through profit or loss derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting miscellaneous other financial liabilities contract and refund liabilities obligations from sales transactions financial liabilities inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements offsetting of financial instruments the group concludes derivative transactions in accordance with the master netting arrangements framework agreement of the international swaps and derivatives association isda and comparable national framework agreements.  however these arrangements do not meet the criteria for netting in the consolidated statement of financial position as they allow netting only in the case of future events such as default or insolvency on the part of the group or the counterparties

Score 0.5
risk management for the plan assets takes place through broad diversification of investments the selection of various asset managers on the basis of quantitative and qualitative analyses and the ongoing monitoring of returns and risks.  the structure of pension obligations is taken into consideration during the determination of the investment strategy for the plan assets in order to reduce fluctuations of the funded status.  risks and opportunities relating to pension plans have declined due mainly to lower volatility levels on the capital market.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information risk and opportunity report annual report mercedesbenz grouplegal and tax risks and opportunitiesthe group continues to be exposed to legal and tax risks.  provisions are recognized for those risks if and insofar as they are likely to be utilized and the amounts of the obligations can be reasonably estimated

Score 0.498
single fund trust beijing china .  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements name of the company domicile countryregion equity interest in percent footnote fotic mb leasing no.  single fund trust beijing china .  fotic mb leasing no.  single fund trust beijing china

Score 0.497
the cash outflows in relation to noncurrent provisions are primarily expected within a period until .  further information on liability and litigation risks and regulatory proceedings is provided in note .  other provisions for other risks primarily comprise expected costs for provisions for environmental protection other taxes and charges related to income taxes as well as obligations from outstanding commission.  they also include provisions for anticipated losses on pending transactions and various other risks which cannot be allocated to any other class of provision.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements the development of provisions for other risks is as follow s

Score 0.497
interest earned on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income is generally reported as interest income using the effectiveinterest method.  changes in the fair value of equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are not recycled to profit or loss but reclassified to retained earnings upon disposal.  dividends are recognized in profit or loss when the right to payment has been established.  financial assets at amortized cost financial assets at amortiz ed cost are non derivative financial assets with contractual cash flows that consist solely of payments of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding and which are held with the aim of collecting the contractual cash flows such as receivables from financial services trade receivables or cash and cash equivalents business model hold to collect.  after initial recognition these financial assets at amortized cost are subseq uently carried at amortized cost using the effectiveinterest method less any loss allowances

Score 0.496
the carrying amounts of receivables from financial services based on modified contracts that are shown in stage s and amounted to million at december million.  in addition carrying amounts of million in connection with contractual modifications were reclassified at december from stages and into stage million.  credit risks information on credit risks included in receivables from financial services is shown in the table credit risks included in receivables from financial services.  longer overdue periods regularly lead to higher loss allowances .  at the beginning of the contracts collaterals of usually at least of the carrying amounts were agreed which are backed by the vehicles based on the underlying contracts

Score 0.496
as separate functions the treasury controlling and the mercedes benz mobility controlling reporting department monitor target achievement on a monthly basis.  in order to achieve the targeted interest rate risk positions in terms of maturities and interest rate fixing periods the mercedesbenz group also uses derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps.  the interest rate risk position is assessed by comparing assets and liabilities for corresponding maturities including the impact of the relevant derivative financial instruments.  derivative financial instruments are also used in conjunction with the refinancing related to the automotive segments and liquidity management.  the mercedesbenz group steers the funding activities of the automotive segments a nd the financial services business at group level

Score 0.496
other financial liabilities amounted to .  billion .  billion.  they mainly comprise liabilities from residualvalue guarantees from payroll accounting from derivative financial instruments deposits received and liabilities from accrued interest on financing liabilities.  the decrease in other financial liabilities is mainly attributable to lower liabilities from derivative financial instruments the carrying amount of which declined due to interest and exchangerate developments

Score 0.496
.  other financial assets the line item other financial assets presented in the consolidated s tatement of financial position is comprised as shown in the following table.  further information on other financial assets is provided in note .  at december other financial assets included receivables with a carrying amount of million million that were pledged as collateral for liabilities .  other financial assets at december at december current noncurrent total current noncurrent total in millions of euros equity instruments and debt instruments recognized at fair value through profit or loss recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting other financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss other receivables and miscellaneous other financial assets inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.496
at december other financial assets included receivables with a carrying amount of million million that were pledged as collateral for liabilities .  other financial assets at december at december current noncurrent total current noncurrent total in millions of euros equity instruments and debt instruments recognized at fair value through profit or loss recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting other financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss other receivables and miscellaneous other financial assets inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements .  other assets nonfinancial other assets are comprised as shown in the following table.  other expected reimbursements predominantly relate to recovery claims against our suppliers in connection with issued product warranties.  other assets at december at december current noncurrent total current noncurrent total in millions of euros reimbursements due to income tax refunds reimbursements due to other tax refunds other expected reimbursements prepaid expenses asset from defined benefit pension plans other inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.495
inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements the market sensitive instruments including equity and debt securities that the plan assets hold to finance pension and other post employment healthcare benefits are not included in the following quantitative and qualitative analysis.  see note for ad ditional information on the mercedesbenz group s pension and postemployment healthcare benefits.  credit risk credit risk describes the risk of financial loss resulting from a counterparty failing to meet its contractual payment obligations .  credit risk encompasses both the direct risk of default and the risk of a deterioration of creditworthiness as well as concentration risks.  the maximum risk positions of financial assets which are generally subject to credit risk are equal to their carrying amounts at the balance sheet date without consideration of collateral if available

Score 0.495
gains or losses on these financial assets are recognized in profit or loss.  financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are nonderivative financial assets with contractual cash flows that consist solely of payments of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding and which are held to collect the contractual cash flows as well as to sell the financial assets e. g.  to achieve a defined liquidity target business model hold to collect and sell.  this category also includes equity instruments not held for trading for which the option to recognize changes in the fair value of the instrument within other comprehensive income has been applied

Score 0.495
unfavourable or favourable developments especially relating to share prices and fixedinterest securities reduce or increase the carrying value of plan assets.  risk management for the plan assets takes place through broad diversification of investments the selection of various asset managers on the basis of quantitative and qualitative analyses and the ongoing monitoring of returns and risks.  the structure of pension obligations is taken into consideration during the determination of the investment strategy for the plan assets in order to reduce fluctuations of the funded status.  risks and opportunities relating to pension plans have declined due mainly to lower volatility levels on the capital market.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information risk and opportunity report annual report mercedesbenz grouplegal and tax risks and opportunitiesthe group continues to be exposed to legal and tax risks

Score 0.493
inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements the development of provisions for other risks is as follow s.  provisions for other risks product warranties personnel and social costs litigation risks and regulatory proceedings others total in millions of euros balance at december thereof current thereof noncurrent additions utilizations reversals compounding and effects from changes in discount rates exchangerate effects and other changes balance at december thereof current thereof noncurrent inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements .  financing liabilities the composition of financing liabilities is as follows.  financing liabilities at december at december current noncurrent total current noncurrent total in millions of euros bonds commercial paper liabilities to financial institutions deposits in the direct banking business liabilities from abs transactions lease liabilities loans other financing liabilities information on the maturities of lease liabilities as of december is provided in note .  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements