Scores_g_WHOLESALE AND RETAIL TRADE; REPAIR OF MOTOR VEHICLES AND MOTORCYCLESScore 0.566
the taxonomyeligible economic activity .  that encompasses the sale of secondhand goods which are purchased by the mercedesbenz group from third parties was identified on the basis of the descriptions in the delegated act relating to the transition to a circular economy.  for the reporting year simplified reporting obligations apply for economic activities newly introduced by the delegated acts.  these stipulate that only reporting in relation to taxonomyeligibility is required.  the mercedesbenz group reports economic activity

Score 0.558
sale of foreign retail activities and other sales companies agreements on the sale of further sales activities in other european countries were concluded in .  the disposals are to take place successively over the course of .  the criteria for classification as assets and liabilities held for distribution or sale are met as of december .  t he assets of .  billion and liabilities of

Score 0.545
trade receivables trade receivables are primarily receivables from contracts with customers within the scope of ifrs and are shown in the following table .  trade receivables at december in millions of euros gross carrying amount loss allowances net carrying amount at december million of the trade receivables mature after more than one year million.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements loss allowances the development of loss allowances due to expected credit losses for trade receivables is shown in the following table.  development of loss allowances for trade receivables due to expected credit losses lifetime expected credit loss total not credit impaired stage credit impaired stage in millions of euros balance at january additions remeasurement changes utilisation reversals transfer to stage transfer to stage exchangerate effects and other effects balance at december including the part of the gross carrying amount that was reclassified to the assets held for sale item of the consolidated statement of financial position.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements credit risks information on credit risks included in trade receivables is shown in the following table

Score 0.537
in there were no significant effects on the profitability liquidity and capital resources and financial position.  sale of foreign retail activities and other sales companies agreements on the sale of further sales activities in other european countries were concluded in .  the disposals are to take place successively over the course of .  the criteria for classification as assets and liabilities held for distribution or sale are met as of december .  t he assets of

Score 0.536
inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements accounting policies revenue recognition revenue from sales of vehicles spare parts and other related products is recognized when control of the goods is transferred to the customer.  this generally occurs at the time the customer takes possession of the products.  if a dealer is not classified as a principal but as an agent and therefore control of vehicles is not transferred to him sales revenue is only recorded when the end customer obtains control.  the brokerage commissions payable to the dealer are shown in selling expenses.  revenue recognition from the sale of vehicles for which the group enters into a repurchase obligation is dependent on the form of the repurchase agreement

Score 0.531
that encompasses the sale of secondhand goods which are purchased by the mercedesbenz group from third parties was identified on the basis of the descriptions in the delegated act relating to the transition to a circular economy.  for the reporting year simplified reporting obligations apply for economic activities newly introduced by the delegated acts.  these stipulate that only reporting in relation to taxonomyeligibility is required.  the mercedesbenz group reports economic activity .  as taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable

Score 0.53
.  trade receivables trade receivables are primarily receivables from contracts with customers within the scope of ifrs and are shown in the following table .  trade receivables at december in millions of euros gross carrying amount loss allowances net carrying amount at december million of the trade receivables mature after more than one year million.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements loss allowances the development of loss allowances due to expected credit losses for trade receivables is shown in the following table.  development of loss allowances for trade receivables due to expected credit losses lifetime expected credit loss total not credit impaired stage credit impaired stage in millions of euros balance at january additions remeasurement changes utilisation reversals transfer to stage transfer to stage exchangerate effects and other effects balance at december including the part of the gross carrying amount that was reclassified to the assets held for sale item of the consolidated statement of financial position

Score 0.529
description el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  a breakdown of the dnsh criteria has not been provided here as activities may only be designated as taxonomyaligned when any significant effect on the other environmental objectives has been ruled out.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupcharging stations or the sale of second handgoods which were purchased from third parties by the mercedesbenz group.  this applies to almost all of the revenue generated by the mercedesbenz group.  in the previous year the revenues from the sale of secondhand goods which mercedesbenz group purchased from third parties were assigned to the revenue from taxonomy noneligible activities

Score 0.526
a breakdown of the dnsh criteria has not been provided here as activities may only be designated as taxonomyaligned when any significant effect on the other environmental objectives has been ruled out.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupcharging stations or the sale of second handgoods which were purchased from third parties by the mercedesbenz group.  this applies to almost all of the revenue generated by the mercedesbenz group.  in the previous year the revenues from the sale of secondhand goods which mercedesbenz group purchased from third parties were assigned to the revenue from taxonomy noneligible activities.  since the reporting year this revenue has been assigned to the economic activity

Score 0.52
the category type of products and services corresponds to the reporte d segments.  revenue a ccording to ifrs includes revenue that was i ncluded in contract liabilities at december in an amount of million million and revenue from performance obligations fully or partially satisfied in previous periods in an amount of million million.  revenue related to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied by the end of the reporting period that is expected to be recognized within three years amounted to million at december million.  this revenue is mainly derived from longterm service and maintenance contracts and extended warranties.  it does not include performance obligations from customer contracts that have initial expected durations of one year or less

Score 0.519
here article of the taxonomy regulation references the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights including the basic principles and rights from the eight core conventions defined in the international labour organizations declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work and the international bill of human rights.  the taxonomy regulation itself does not further specify the standards. the report published by the platform on sustainable finance in october final report on minimum safeguards assists companies with the interpretation of the scope and application of the minimum standards.  this report forms the foundation for the application of minimum standards and the associated reporting at the mercedesbenz group.  key issue areas here are human rights and labour rights see the chapters social compliance and occupational health and safety the prevention of corruption and the promotion of fair competition see the chapters compliance management system combating corruption and promoting fair competition and responsible tax practices see the chapter tax obligation

Score 0.517
inventories inventories are comprised as shown in the following table.  inventories at december in millions of euros raw materials and manufacturing supplies work in progress finished goods spare parts and products held for resale advance payments to suppliers inventories increased compared to december due to the introduction of the direct sales model in additional markets and rampups in production due to new model years.  additionally the finished goods include on average more expensive vehicles.  the amount of writedown of inventories to net reali zable value recogniz ed as an expense in cost of sales was million in million .  the carrying amounts of inventories that are expected to be recovered or settled after more than twelve months amounted to million at december million and are related primarily to finished goods

Score 0.517
these procedures are defined in the export credit guidelines which have groupwide validity.  for impairments of trade receivables the simplified approach is applied according to which these receivables are allocated to stage .  credit losses until maturity for thes e trade receivables are recogniz ed upon initial recognition.  further information on trade receivables and th e status of loss allowances recogniz ed is provided in note .  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements derivative financial instruments the group uses derivative financial instruments exclusively for hedging financial risks that arise from its operational business financing activities or liquidity management

Score 0.515
other operating income and expense the composition of other operating income is shown in the following table.  other operating income in millions of euros income from costs recharged government grants gains on sales of property plant and equipment rental income not relating to sales financing income from company transactions other miscellaneous income income from costs recharged to third parties includes it and logistics costs as well as other costs re charged to third parties with related expenses primarily within functional costs.  the decrease in other operating income i n was mainly due to the income from the sale of the retail activities in canada million reported in the comparative period.  it is included in gains on sales of property plant and equipment.  in addition income from corporate transactions in connection with the sale of the shares in mercedesbenz grand prix ltd

Score 0.51
under appendix c annex i of the delegated act of the eu delegated regulation eu the taxonomy regulation refers to the concept of avoiding the manufacturing placing on the market or use of restricted and reportable substances subject to current european legislation on chemicals.  the implementation of internal processes for specification approval and control is intended to ensure compliance with european regulations according to appendix c and respective national legislations.  the global automotive declarable substance list gadsl forms the basis for the prohibition and declaration requirement of substances in mercedesbenz products.  the mercedesbenz group also defines specifications for substitution analyses and thus for the use of less critical hazardous substances.  with regard to economic activity

Score 0.508
the economic activities contained in the delegated acts relating to climate change adaptation are only present to an immaterial extent at the mercedesbenz group and are reported exclusively under the environmental objective climate change mitigation.  the taxonomyeligible economic activity .  that encompasses the sale of secondhand goods which are purchased by the mercedesbenz group from third parties was identified on the basis of the descriptions in the delegated act relating to the transition to a circular economy.  for the reporting year simplified reporting obligations apply for economic activities newly introduced by the delegated acts.  these stipulate that only reporting in relation to taxonomyeligibility is required

Score 0.507
if a dealer is not classified as a principal but as an agent and therefore control of vehicles is not transferred to him sales revenue is only recorded when the end customer obtains control.  the brokerage commissions payable to the dealer are shown in selling expenses.  revenue recognition from the sale of vehicles for which the group enters into a repurchase obligation is dependent on the form of the repurchase agreement.  sales of vehicles by which the mercedesbenz group is obliged to repurchase the vehicles in the future are accounted for as operating leases.  thi s also applies to a call option that grants the mercedesbenz group the right to repurchase

Score 0.507
this includes the verification of the recycling or disposal of waste generated during construction and demolition. pollution prevention and control with regard to the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  under appendix c annex i of the delegated act of the eu delegated regulation eu the taxonomy regulation refers to the concept of avoiding the manufacturing placing on the market or use of restricted and reportable substances subject to current european legislation on chemicals.  the implementation of internal processes for specification approval and control is intended to ensure compliance with european regulations according to appendix c and respective national legislations.  the global automotive declarable substance list gadsl forms the basis for the prohibition and declaration requirement of substances in mercedesbenz products

Score 0.506
the increase in revenue was primarily due to higher unit sales and improved pricing at the mercedes benz vans segment.  revenue in the mercedesbenz cars segment was also higher primarily due to a further improvement in pricing .  however negative exchange rate effects had an opposing effect causing a reduction in revenue.  revenue disclosed in the cons olidated statement of income includes revenue from contracts with customers which are in the scope of ifrs revenue according to ifrs and other revenue not in the scope of ifrs .  the composition of the re venue in the consolidated statement of income is shown by region in note

Score 0.504
g.  production procurement innovation research and development technology salesbrands capital markets the specification examples in the parentheses for the areas shown above are not complete in addition expertise does not have to be demonstrated for every specified item in the parentheses for each area.  on the basis of the table qualification matrix of the supervisory board members the supervisory board as a whole in its current composition meets the defined requirements pertaining to its expertiseexperience.  more than three members of the supervisory board have relevant knowledge andor experience in each of the areas of expertise shown above.  the explanations shown below regarding the members of the supervisory board who are mentioned by name should therefore be viewed as examples

Score 0.504
el nel nel nel nel nel freight transport services by road ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel sale of secondhand goods ce .  nel nel nel el nel nelrevenue from taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned a.  a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.501
for the reporting year simplified reporting obligations apply for economic activities newly introduced by the delegated acts.  these stipulate that only reporting in relation to taxonomyeligibility is required.  the mercedesbenz group reports economic activity .  as taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable.  an assessment of taxonomyalignment has not been carried out

Score 0.501
valuation allowances on receivables from financial servicesplease refer with regard to the accounting policies applied to the notes to the consolidated financial statements in note  accounting estimates and management judgements.  further information on allowances on receivables from financial services can be found in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in note significant accounting policies in note receivables from financial services in note management of financial risks and in the combined management report in the section entitled financial risks and opportunities. the risk for the consolidated financial statementsreceivables from financial services   million resulting from the groups financing and leasing activities include receivables from sales financing with customers receivables from sales financing with dealers and receivables from finance lease contracts.  the loss allowances on these receivables amounted at the reporting date to   million. the calculation of the loss allowances is based on expected credit losses and therefore also includes expectations regarding the future

Score 0.501
the taxonomy regulation itself does not further specify the standards. the report published by the platform on sustainable finance in october final report on minimum safeguards assists companies with the interpretation of the scope and application of the minimum standards.  this report forms the foundation for the application of minimum standards and the associated reporting at the mercedesbenz group.  key issue areas here are human rights and labour rights see the chapters social compliance and occupational health and safety the prevention of corruption and the promotion of fair competition see the chapters compliance management system combating corruption and promoting fair competition and responsible tax practices see the chapter tax obligation.  the verification of compliance here basically involves demonstrating compliance with the existence of corresponding due diligence processes at the group level and the fact that no judicial rulings relating to serious violations in the aforementioned areas have been made in the final instance

Score 0.5
with regard to supply chains suspected violations of the responsible sourcing standards can be reported via the bpo.  if the misconduct or problem falls within the suppliers area of responsibility the supplier must take measures to immediately correct or eliminate the problem.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupeu taxonomyone of the important goals of the commission action plan on financing sustainable growth in the context of the european green deal is to divert capital flows to sustainable investments.  this is also the logic behind the eu taxonomy regulation eu that came into force in mid.  this regulation governs the establishment of a standardized and legally binding classification system that defines the types of economic activity in the eu that are considered to be taxonomyaligned and thus environmentally sustainable with regard to six environmental objectives established by the regulation climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystemscompanies that are required to publish a nonfinancial declaration must also comply with the taxonomy regulation

Score 0.499
the composition of the re venue in the consolidated statement of income is shown by region in note .  revenue according to ifrs is disaggregated by the two categories type of products and services and geographical region s.  the category type of products and services corresponds to the reporte d segments.  revenue a ccording to ifrs includes revenue that was i ncluded in contract liabilities at december in an amount of million million and revenue from performance obligations fully or partially satisfied in previous periods in an amount of million million.  revenue related to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied by the end of the reporting period that is expected to be recognized within three years amounted to million at december million

Score 0.499
the increase relates in particular to finished goods spare parts and products held for resale at .  billion as a result of the introduction of the direct sales model in additional markets and model yearrelated production rampups.  furthermore the finished goods include highervalue vehicles on average. at .  billion trade receivables were lower than the prioryearfigure of

Score 0.498
revenue according to ifrs is disaggregated by the two categories type of products and services and geographical region s.  the category type of products and services corresponds to the reporte d segments.  revenue a ccording to ifrs includes revenue that was i ncluded in contract liabilities at december in an amount of million million and revenue from performance obligations fully or partially satisfied in previous periods in an amount of million million.  revenue related to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied by the end of the reporting period that is expected to be recognized within three years amounted to million at december million.  this revenue is mainly derived from longterm service and maintenance contracts and extended warranties

Score 0.498
the procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here.  further information in the chapters social compliance and environmental issues.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupcomplaint managementthe business people protection office bpo whistleblower system makes it possible for employees and external whistleblowers around the world to report rules violations.  with regard to supply chains suspected violations of the responsible sourcing standards can be reported via the bpo.  if the misconduct or problem falls within the suppliers area of responsibility the supplier must take measures to immediately correct or eliminate the problem

Score 0.497
these are contractually stipulated with direct suppliers and are applied worldwide.  the goal here is to prevent minimize or if possible put a stop to any negative effects on human rights worldwide.  the rss define the minimum requirements for suppliers.  they are already used as a basis for the tendering process for suppliers of production materials.  the rss require direct suppliers to communicate the rss provisions to their own employees and to their direct suppliers and ensure that the rss are complied with in their business processes and in the areas in which they exert an influence

Score 0.496
development of loss allowances for trade receivables due to expected credit losses lifetime expected credit loss total not credit impaired stage credit impaired stage in millions of euros balance at january additions remeasurement changes utilisation reversals transfer to stage transfer to stage exchangerate effects and other effects balance at december including the part of the gross carrying amount that was reclassified to the assets held for sale item of the consolidated statement of financial position.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements credit risks information on credit risks included in trade receivables is shown in the following table.  further information on financial risk and types of risk is provided in note .  credit risks included in trade receivables lifetime expected credit loss total not credit impaired stage credit impaired stage at december at december at december at december at december at december in millions of euros gross carrying amount thereof not past due past due days and less past due to days past due to days past due to days past due more than days including the part of allowances that was reclassified to the assets held for sale item of the consolidated statement of financial position.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.495
for economic activity .  the applicable dnsh criteria were analysed and checked for adherence.  this includes the verification of the recycling or disposal of waste generated during construction and demolition. pollution prevention and control with regard to the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  under appendix c annex i of the delegated act of the eu delegated regulation eu the taxonomy regulation refers to the concept of avoiding the manufacturing placing on the market or use of restricted and reportable substances subject to current european legislation on chemicals

Score 0.495
the provision of comparative information except where concerning the economic activities newly introduced by the delegated acts supplementing the taxonomy regulation was legally required in the reporting year.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz grouprevenue criteria for a substantial contribution economic activities coderevenueproportion of revenueclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water circular economy pollution biodiversitydnsh criteria do no significant harmminimum safeguardsproportion of taxonomyaligned a.  or taxonomy eligible a.  revenuecategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa

Score 0.494
for the major proportion of the revenue in particular from the new and used vehicle business and leasing and sales financing activities a direct attribution was made of the revenue accounted for by lowcarbon vehicles.  with regard to other revenue components especially revenue from the spare parts business and service and maintenance contracts or attribution of discounts granted for large procurement volumes it is not possible to directly assign revenue to lowcarbon vehicles.  in these cases suitable allocations were therefore used for the various revenue components.  these classifications are based on current or historical vehicle sales data for the fleet that is currently on the market and data on production volumes.  in the reporting year the share of taxonomyaligned revenue increased to

Score 0.494
with regard to economic activity .  the reductions due to the dnsh requirements of the environmental objective pollution prevention and control were taken into account in the taxonomyalignment of revenues and investments. fulfilment of minimum safeguards an economic activity can only be classified as environmentally sustainable within the meaning of the taxonomy if it is also conducted in accordance with certain minimum standards that are based on international frameworks.  here article of the taxonomy regulation references the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights including the basic principles and rights from the eight core conventions defined in the international labour organizations declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work and the international bill of human rights.  the taxonomy regulation itself does not further specify the standards

Score 0.493
eu taxonomythe eu taxonomy regulation and the adopted delegated acts along with the supplementary interpretation documents of the european commission contain formulations and terms that are still subject to considerable uncertainties and for which clarifications have not yet been published in all cases.  among others this refers to the interpretation of the classification of economic activities the donosignificantharm criteria and the assessment of the economic substance of financial investments.  on account of the immanent risk that certain abstract legal terms can be interpreted in various ways the conformity of the interpretation with the law is subject to uncertainty. components of the combined management report not audited for contentinsofar as the references made in the management report relate to parts of the annual report that were not included in the external audit components outside the company and consolidated financial statements and the combined management report or to the mercedesbenz group website or other reports or documents these were not part of the external audit. the disclosures on the appropriateness and effectiveness of the internal control and risk management system in the risk and opportunity report chapter which are not part of the management report were also not included in the audit of the financial statements

Score 0.492
the acquisition or manufacturing costs of inventories are generally based on the specific identification method and include costs incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them to their present location and condition.  acquisition or manufacturing costs for large numbers of inventories that are interchangeable are allocated under the averagecost formula.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements in the case of manufactured inventories and work in progress manufacturing cost also includes production overheads based on normal capacity.  financial instruments a financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.  financial instruments in the form of financial assets and financial liabilities are generally presented separately

Score 0.492
revenue disclosed in the cons olidated statement of income includes revenue from contracts with customers which are in the scope of ifrs revenue according to ifrs and other revenue not in the scope of ifrs .  the composition of the re venue in the consolidated statement of income is shown by region in note .  revenue according to ifrs is disaggregated by the two categories type of products and services and geographical region s.  the category type of products and services corresponds to the reporte d segments.  revenue a ccording to ifrs includes revenue that was i ncluded in contract liabilities at december in an amount of million million and revenue from performance obligations fully or partially satisfied in previous periods in an amount of million million

Score 0.492
revenue in the mercedesbenz cars segment was also higher primarily due to a further improvement in pricing .  however negative exchange rate effects had an opposing effect causing a reduction in revenue.  revenue disclosed in the cons olidated statement of income includes revenue from contracts with customers which are in the scope of ifrs revenue according to ifrs and other revenue not in the scope of ifrs .  the composition of the re venue in the consolidated statement of income is shown by region in note .  revenue according to ifrs is disaggregated by the two categories type of products and services and geographical region s

Score 0.491
inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements loss allowances the development of loss allowances due to expected credit losses for trade receivables is shown in the following table.  development of loss allowances for trade receivables due to expected credit losses lifetime expected credit loss total not credit impaired stage credit impaired stage in millions of euros balance at january additions remeasurement changes utilisation reversals transfer to stage transfer to stage exchangerate effects and other effects balance at december including the part of the gross carrying amount that was reclassified to the assets held for sale item of the consolidated statement of financial position.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements credit risks information on credit risks included in trade receivables is shown in the following table.  further information on financial risk and types of risk is provided in note .  credit risks included in trade receivables lifetime expected credit loss total not credit impaired stage credit impaired stage at december at december at december at december at december at december in millions of euros gross carrying amount thereof not past due past due days and less past due to days past due to days past due to days past due more than days including the part of allowances that was reclassified to the assets held for sale item of the consolidated statement of financial position

Score 0.49
forms the basis for considering the taxonomycompliant shares.  with regard to economic activity .  the reductions due to the dnsh requirements of the environmental objective pollution prevention and control were taken into account in the taxonomyalignment of revenues and investments. fulfilment of minimum safeguards an economic activity can only be classified as environmentally sustainable within the meaning of the taxonomy if it is also conducted in accordance with certain minimum standards that are based on international frameworks.  here article of the taxonomy regulation references the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights including the basic principles and rights from the eight core conventions defined in the international labour organizations declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work and the international bill of human rights

Score 0.489
this applies to almost all of the revenue generated by the mercedesbenz group.  in the previous year the revenues from the sale of secondhand goods which mercedesbenz group purchased from third parties were assigned to the revenue from taxonomy noneligible activities.  since the reporting year this revenue has been assigned to the economic activity . . taxonomyalignment of revenuein order to calculate the taxonomyaligned proportion of economic activities under a

Score 0.489
a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities revenue of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution

Score 0.488
ebit comprises gross profit selling and general administrative expe nses research and noncapitalized development costs other operating incomeexpense and the gainslosses on equity method investments as well as other financial incomeexpense.  in justified individual cases effects on the groups consolidated statement of income consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated statement of cash flows are not allocated to the corresponding segment based on a legal point of view but the segment report rathe r follows an economic approach.  intersegment revenue is princip ally recorded at prices that approximate market terms.  transactions between the segments are generally eliminated in the reconciliation.  the elimination of effects connect ed with intragroup transfers of equity investments principally takes place in the segments involved

Score 0.488
other operating income in millions of euros income from costs recharged government grants gains on sales of property plant and equipment rental income not relating to sales financing income from company transactions other miscellaneous income income from costs recharged to third parties includes it and logistics costs as well as other costs re charged to third parties with related expenses primarily within functional costs.  the decrease in other operating income i n was mainly due to the income from the sale of the retail activities in canada million reported in the comparative period.  it is included in gains on sales of property plant and equipment.  in addition income from corporate transactions in connection with the sale of the shares in mercedesbenz grand prix ltd.  was included in million

Score 0.488
for the mercedesbenz group this clarification by the european commission means that the manufacture of all group vehicles is to be classified as taxonomyeligible.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupeconomic activity .  relates to leasing and sales financing of all cars and vans purchased from third parties. economic activity .  essentially covers the remaining commercial vehicle portfolio of mercedesbenz mobility after the spinoff and hivedown of the daimler commercial vehicle business see note of the notes to the consolidated financial statements

Score 0.487
in this context the annual f inancial statements and other relevant information on the general distribution companies such as payment history are used and assessed.  depending on the creditworthiness of the customers the mercedes benz group establishes credit limits and limits credit risks with the following types of collateral credit insurances first class bank guarantees and letters of credit.  these procedures are defined in the export credit guidelines which have groupwide validity.  for impairments of trade receivables the simplified approach is applied according to which these receivables are allocated to stage .  credit losses until maturity for thes e trade receivables are recogniz ed upon initial recognition

Score 0.487
the rss require direct suppliers to communicate the rss provisions to their own employees and to their direct suppliers and ensure that the rss are complied with in their business processes and in the areas in which they exert an influence.  suppliers are to conserve natural resources and avoid environmental damage repair any damage that does occur and compensate for such damage that cannot be avoided or repaired. measures in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain.  this includes training preventive and corrective measures risk analyses documentation for tracking and reporting purposes and effectiveness checks.  the mercedesbenz group uses these tools in order to increase the transparency of the supply chain and ensures that the internationally recognized human rights are upheld by business partners as well and that other social standards and environmental requirements are met

Score 0.487
the economic activities in specific energy sectors contained in the supplement to the delegated act relating to the climate goals are only present to an immaterial extent at the mercedesbenz group and are performed exclusively in support of carrying out economic activity . . the economic activities contained in the delegated acts relating to climate change adaptation are only present to an immaterial extent at the mercedesbenz group and are reported exclusively under the environmental objective climate change mitigation.  the taxonomyeligible economic activity .  that encompasses the sale of secondhand goods which are purchased by the mercedesbenz group from third parties was identified on the basis of the descriptions in the delegated act relating to the transition to a circular economy

Score 0.487
compliance with the dnsh criteria was also monitored. for the major proportion of the revenue in particular from the new and used vehicle business and leasing and sales financing activities a direct attribution was made of the revenue accounted for by lowcarbon vehicles.  with regard to other revenue components especially revenue from the spare parts business and service and maintenance contracts or attribution of discounts granted for large procurement volumes it is not possible to directly assign revenue to lowcarbon vehicles.  in these cases suitable allocations were therefore used for the various revenue components.  these classifications are based on current or historical vehicle sales data for the fleet that is currently on the market and data on production volumes

Score 0.487
the line item other reconciling items includes further items at the corporate level .  in the prior year the line item included expenses in connection with the sale of individual invest ments and business activities to daimler truck holding ag or its subsidiaries .  the r econciliation of segment assets and liabilities to relevant amounts for the group is shown in the next table .  reconciliation of segment assets and liabilities to group figures in millions of euros total of segment assets equitymethod investment in dthag other equitymethod investments income tax assets other reconciling items and eliminations segment assets group unallocated financial instruments including liquidity and assets from pensions and similar obligations total assets group total of segment liabilities income tax liabilities other reconciling items and eliminations segment liabilities group unallocated financial instruments and liabilities from pensions and similar obligations total equity group total equity and liabilities group this mainly comprises the equitymethod carrying amount of baic motor.  unless these are attributable to mercedesbenz mobility

Score 0.486
this regulation governs the establishment of a standardized and legally binding classification system that defines the types of economic activity in the eu that are considered to be taxonomyaligned and thus environmentally sustainable with regard to six environmental objectives established by the regulation climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystemscompanies that are required to publish a nonfinancial declaration must also comply with the taxonomy regulation.  according to article of the taxonomy regulation the taxonomyaligned proportions of revenue capital expenditure and operating expenditure accounted for by environmentally sustainable economic activities are to be reported on an annual basis.  taxonomyeligibilitytaxonomyeligibility is assessed in an initial step.  for an economic activity to be taxonomyeligible that activity must be mentioned and explained in further detail in the delegated acts for the taxonomy regulation.  the eu delegated acts commission delegated regulation eu and its supplement commission delegated regulation eu which was adopted by the european commission in june contain descriptions of relevant economic activities and technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation

Score 0.485
the provisions are regularly adjusted to reflect new information. restructuring provisions are set up in connection with programmes that materially change the scope of business performed by a segment or business unit or the manner in which business is conducted.  in most cases restructuring expenses include termination benefits and compensation payments due to the termination of agreements with suppliers and dealers.  benefits on termination of employment are recognized when the group has a detailed formal plan that has either commenced implementation or been announced.  contract and refund liabilities contract liabilities a contract liability is an entitys obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the entity has received consideration or the amount is due from the customer

Score 0.484
note on the emphasis of a particular matterwe refer to the comments of the legal representatives in the section on eu taxonomy in the section entitled nonfinancial statement that is included in the combined management report in accordance with sections b paragraph  c b paragraph  and c hgb.  there it is stated that the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts promulgated for this includes wording and terms that are subject to considerable uncertainty with regard to their interpretation and for which clarifications have not yet been published in all cases.  the legal representatives describe how they have carried out the necessary interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts promulgated for this.  on account of the immanent risk that certain abstract legal terms can be interpreted in various ways the conformity of the interpretation with the law is subject to uncertainty.  our opinions on the on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report has not been modified in this regard

Score 0.483
for trade receivables from the export business the mercedes benz group also evaluates its customers creditworthiness by means of an internal rating process with consideration of the respective country risk.  in this context the annual f inancial statements and other relevant information on the general distribution companies such as payment history are used and assessed.  depending on the creditworthiness of the customers the mercedes benz group establishes credit limits and limits credit risks with the following types of collateral credit insurances first class bank guarantees and letters of credit.  these procedures are defined in the export credit guidelines which have groupwide validity.  for impairments of trade receivables the simplified approach is applied according to which these receivables are allocated to stage

Score 0.483
. the economic activities contained in the delegated acts relating to climate change adaptation are only present to an immaterial extent at the mercedesbenz group and are reported exclusively under the environmental objective climate change mitigation.  the taxonomyeligible economic activity .  that encompasses the sale of secondhand goods which are purchased by the mercedesbenz group from third parties was identified on the basis of the descriptions in the delegated act relating to the transition to a circular economy.  for the reporting year simplified reporting obligations apply for economic activities newly introduced by the delegated acts

Score 0.482
they primarily include risks from litigation and regulatory proceedings in relation to mercedesbenz diesel vehicles.  the cash outflows in relation to noncurrent provisions are primarily expected within a period until .  further information on liability and litigation risks and regulatory proceedings is provided in note .  other provisions for other risks primarily comprise expected costs for provisions for environmental protection other taxes and charges related to income taxes as well as obligations from outstanding commission.  they also include provisions for anticipated losses on pending transactions and various other risks which cannot be allocated to any other class of provision

Score 0.482
requirements for suppliersthe mercedesbenz group is committed to the responsible procurement of production materials nonproduction materials and services.  the group has incorporated the guidelines for sustainable supply chain management into the responsible sourcing standards rss.  they define minimum requirements and expectations for direct suppliers and contractually oblige them to comply with these requirements to communicate them to their employees and upstream stages of the value chain and to monitor compliance with them in their business processes and sphere of influence. the goal here is to prevent minimize or if possible bring to an end any negative impacts on human rights worldwide.  the rss are an integral part of all new orders for tier suppliers and the key contractual document for minimum and sustainability requirements

Score 0.482
however negative exchange rate effects had an opposing effect causing a reduction in revenue.  revenue disclosed in the cons olidated statement of income includes revenue from contracts with customers which are in the scope of ifrs revenue according to ifrs and other revenue not in the scope of ifrs .  the composition of the re venue in the consolidated statement of income is shown by region in note .  revenue according to ifrs is disaggregated by the two categories type of products and services and geographical region s.  the category type of products and services corresponds to the reporte d segments

Score 0.481
the rss define the minimum requirements for suppliers.  they are already used as a basis for the tendering process for suppliers of production materials.  the rss require direct suppliers to communicate the rss provisions to their own employees and to their direct suppliers and ensure that the rss are complied with in their business processes and in the areas in which they exert an influence.  suppliers are to conserve natural resources and avoid environmental damage repair any damage that does occur and compensate for such damage that cannot be avoided or repaired. measures in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain

Score 0.479
for receivables from financial services these forecasts are performed using a scenario analysis basic scenario optimistic scenario and pessimistic scenario.  further external information which cannot be depicted in the scenarios is as far as necessary included in the assessment through subsequent adjustments.  changes to the estimation and assessment of these factors influence the allowance for credit losses with a resulting impact on the groups net profit.  product warranties the group provides various types of product warranties depending on the type of product and market conditions.  provisions for product warranties carrying amount as of december million december million are generally recognized at the time of vehicle sale

Score 0.479
with regard to other revenue components especially revenue from the spare parts business and service and maintenance contracts or attribution of discounts granted for large procurement volumes it is not possible to directly assign revenue to lowcarbon vehicles.  in these cases suitable allocations were therefore used for the various revenue components.  these classifications are based on current or historical vehicle sales data for the fleet that is currently on the market and data on production volumes.  in the reporting year the share of taxonomyaligned revenue increased to .  the main reasons for this were an increase in unit sales of allelectric vehicles and the expansion of the product portfolio for lowcarbon vehicles

Score 0.479
additionally there are minor tax risks to the operating result.  any changes in legislation and jurisdiction as well as different interpretations of the law by the fiscal authorities especially in the field of crossborder transactions may be subject to considerable uncertainty.  it is therefore possible that the provisions recognized will not be sufficient which could have negative effects on the groups net profit and cash flows. positive effects on the groups net profit and cash flows are also possible as a result of retroactive legislation future court rulings or changes in the opinions of the tax authorities. any changes or interventions by the fiscal authorities are continuously monitored by the tax department and measures are taken if required

Score 0.479
for an economic activity to be taxonomyeligible that activity must be mentioned and explained in further detail in the delegated acts for the taxonomy regulation.  the eu delegated acts commission delegated regulation eu and its supplement commission delegated regulation eu which was adopted by the european commission in june contain descriptions of relevant economic activities and technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation.  the supplement to the delegated regulation includes new technical screening criteria that refer to both the existing economic activities and to new economic activities.  furthermore a new eu delegated act commission delegated regulation eu containing economic activities and technical screening criteria relevant for the remaining environmental objectives was published in .  the economic activities relevant to the mercedesbenz group in this context are to be found under the environmental objectives climate change mitigation climate change adaptation and transition to a circular economy

Score 0.479
market interest rates for the appropriate terms are used for discounting.  trade payables due to the short maturities of these financial instruments it is assumed that their fair values are equal to the carrying amounts.  reverse factoring agreements did not change the relevant characteristics of a trade payable for the group for the liabilities concerned.  as a result there were no reclassifications of these trade payables to financing liabilities.  contract and refund liabilities contract and refund liabilities include obligations from sales transactions that qualify as financial instruments

Score 0.478
the measure of the groups net profit or loss used by the mer cedes benz groups management and reporting structure is referred to as ebit.  ebit comprises gross profit selling and general administrative expe nses research and noncapitalized development costs other operating incomeexpense and the gainslosses on equity method investments as well as other financial incomeexpense.  in justified individual cases effects on the groups consolidated statement of income consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated statement of cash flows are not allocated to the corresponding segment based on a legal point of view but the segment report rathe r follows an economic approach.  intersegment revenue is princip ally recorded at prices that approximate market terms.  transactions between the segments are generally eliminated in the reconciliation

Score 0.477
they define minimum requirements and expectations for direct suppliers and contractually oblige them to comply with these requirements to communicate them to their employees and upstream stages of the value chain and to monitor compliance with them in their business processes and sphere of influence. the goal here is to prevent minimize or if possible bring to an end any negative impacts on human rights worldwide.  the rss are an integral part of all new orders for tier suppliers and the key contractual document for minimum and sustainability requirements.  they are applied worldwide. measures in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain

Score 0.477
trade receivables .  equity .  sharebased payment .  pensions and similar obligations .  provisions for other risks

Score 0.477
receivables from financial services types of receivables receivables from sales financing with customers include receivables from credit financing for non group third parties who purchased their vehicle either from a dealer or directly from the mercedesbenz group .  receivables from sales financing with dealers represent loans for floor financing program mes for vehicles purchased from the mercedes benz group.  in addition these receivables also relate to the financing of other assets that the dealers purchased from third parties in particular used vehicles or property.  receivables from finance lease contracts consist of receivables from leasing contracts for which all substantial risks and rewards incidental to the leasing objects are transferred to the lessee.  in the mercedesbenz group recognized a gain of million million from the difference between the additions to receivables from finance lease contracts and the car rying amounts of the underlying assets

Score 0.476
there it is stated that the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts promulgated for this includes wording and terms that are subject to considerable uncertainty with regard to their interpretation and for which clarifications have not yet been published in all cases.  the legal representatives describe how they have carried out the necessary interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts promulgated for this.  on account of the immanent risk that certain abstract legal terms can be interpreted in various ways the conformity of the interpretation with the law is subject to uncertainty.  our opinions on the on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report has not been modified in this regard. key audit matters in the audit of the consolidated financial statementskey audit matters are those matters that in our professional judgement were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year from january  to december

Score 0.475
taxonomyalignmentin a further step taxonomyalignment must be assessed for taxonomyeligible economic activities.  only taxonomyeligible activities can be considered as environmentally sustainable activities or as being taxonomyaligned provided they meet certain technical screening criteria.  here the fulfilment of certain technical screening criteria with regard to the relevant economic activities must make a substantial contribution to an environmental objective defined by the taxonomy regulation and on the basis of defined do no significant harm criteria dnsh criteria also exclude the possibility of significant interference with another environmental objective.  it must also be ensured that minimum standards are met with regard to issues such as upholding human rights or combating corruption minimum safeguards. fulfilment of a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigationaccording to the delegated act all vehicles below the current limit value of g co km per vehicle in accordance with the wltp as defined in the technical screening criteria make a substantial contribution to the climate change mitigation environmental objective

Score 0.475
in addition to the risks described unforeseeable events can have a negative impact on the business activities and thus on the mercedesbenz groups profitability liquidity and capital resources financial position and reputation and nonfinancial key figures as well as on society and the environment.  no risks are recognizable  neither on the reporting date nor at the time of preparing the consolidated financial statements that either alone or in combination with other risks could endanger the continued existence of the group. eu taxonomythe eu taxonomy regulation and the adopted delegated acts along with the supplementary interpretation documents of the european commission contain formulations and terms that are still subject to considerable uncertainties and for which clarifications have not yet been published in all cases.  among others this refers to the interpretation of the classification of economic activities the donosignificantharm criteria and the assessment of the economic substance of financial investments.  on account of the immanent risk that certain abstract legal terms can be interpreted in various ways the conformity of the interpretation with the law is subject to uncertainty

Score 0.475
they are already used as a basis for the tendering process for suppliers of production materials.  the rss require direct suppliers to communicate the rss provisions to their own employees and to their direct suppliers and ensure that the rss are complied with in their business processes and in the areas in which they exert an influence.  suppliers are to conserve natural resources and avoid environmental damage repair any damage that does occur and compensate for such damage that cannot be avoided or repaired. measures in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain.  this includes training preventive and corrective measures risk analyses documentation for tracking and reporting purposes and effectiveness checks

Score 0.475
we regularly conduct such risk mapping in order to address current developments and adapt our risk classification if necessary.  the main human rights risks for the identified services are then determined on a stepbystep and supply chainspecific basis and appropriate measures are defined. requirements for suppliersthe mercedesbenz group is committed to the responsible procurement of production materials nonproduction materials and services.  the group has incorporated the guidelines for sustainable supply chain management into the responsible sourcing standards rss.  they define minimum requirements and expectations for direct suppliers and contractually oblige them to comply with these requirements to communicate them to their employees and upstream stages of the value chain and to monitor compliance with them in their business processes and sphere of influence

Score 0.474
eight confirmed violations with high risk referred to other categories.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupwith regard to the confirmed violations the mercedesbenz group decides on appropriate response measures in line with the principles of proportionality and fairness.  the personnel measures in included admonishments warnings and terminations without notice. sales partners and suppliersthe mercedesbenz group expects not only its employees to comply with laws and regulations.  the group also places clear compliance requirements on its sales partners and suppliers because it regards integrity and conformity with regulations as a precondition for trustbased cooperation

Score 0.474
the decrease in other operating income i n was mainly due to the income from the sale of the retail activities in canada million reported in the comparative period.  it is included in gains on sales of property plant and equipment.  in addition income from corporate transactions in connection with the sale of the shares in mercedesbenz grand prix ltd.  was included in million.  the composition of other operating expense is shown as follows

Score 0.473
the allowance ratio decreased compared to the previous year due to the sale of the russian mercedesbenz mobility companies for which very high provisions were recorded in .  the default rate has increased compared to the very low figures in the previous year mainly due to a challenging lending environment in the united states.  for information on credit risks included in receivables from financial services see note .  information on the measurement of expected credit losses is provided in note .  trade receivables trade receivables are mostly receivables from worldwide sales of vehicles and spare parts

Score 0.473
el nel nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel freight transport services by road ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel sale of secondhand goods ce .  nel nel nel el nel nelrevenue from taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned a.  a

Score 0.473
some s implifica tions have been made in the segment reporting with regard to accounting for l easing agreements in connection with intragroup transactions.  segment assets principally comprise all assets.  the assets of the mercedes benz cars and mercedes benz vans segments exclude income tax asse ts assets from defined benefit pension plans and other postemployment benefit plans and certain financial instruments including liquidity.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements segment liabilities principally comprise all liabilities.  the mercedesbenz cars and mercedes benz vans reporting segments liabilities exclude income tax liabilities liabilities from pensions and similar obligations and certain financial instruments including financing liabilities

Score 0.473
the main reasons for this were an increase in unit sales of allelectric vehicles and the expansion of the product portfolio for lowcarbon vehicles. the revenues shown below are included as an aggregation across the various economic activities. the following table shows the scope of the taxonomy eligibility and the taxonomyalignment for the revenue by environmental objectiverevenue proportiontotal revenue taxonomyalignment per objectivetaxonomyeligibility per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio taxonomyeligibility of revenue for the share of taxonomyeligible revenue under a.  in the table revenue the taxonomyeligible revenue is considered in relation to the total revenue of the group. in this process the denominator takes into account the consolidated revenue generated by group companies that are to be included in the calculations

Score 0.473
depending on the creditworthiness of the customers the mercedes benz group establishes credit limits and limits credit risks with the following types of collateral credit insurances first class bank guarantees and letters of credit.  these procedures are defined in the export credit guidelines which have groupwide validity.  for impairments of trade receivables the simplified approach is applied according to which these receivables are allocated to stage .  credit losses until maturity for thes e trade receivables are recogniz ed upon initial recognition.  further information on trade receivables and th e status of loss allowances recogniz ed is provided in note

Score 0.472
in these cases suitable allocations were therefore used for the various revenue components.  these classifications are based on current or historical vehicle sales data for the fleet that is currently on the market and data on production volumes.  in the reporting year the share of taxonomyaligned revenue increased to .  the main reasons for this were an increase in unit sales of allelectric vehicles and the expansion of the product portfolio for lowcarbon vehicles. the revenues shown below are included as an aggregation across the various economic activities

Score 0.472
for impairments of trade receivables the simplified approach is applied according to which these receivables are allocated to stage .  credit losses until maturity for thes e trade receivables are recogniz ed upon initial recognition.  further information on trade receivables and th e status of loss allowances recogniz ed is provided in note .  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements derivative financial instruments the group uses derivative financial instruments exclusively for hedging financial risks that arise from its operational business financing activities or liquidity management .  the mercedes benz group manages its credit risk exposure in connection with derivative financial instruments through a limit system which is based on the review of each counterpartys financial strength

Score 0.471
entry the entry category represented of the entire portfolio.  sales of the aclass totalled units.  sales of the bclass amounted to vehicles.  the glb reached units sold and the gla units.  a total of smart vehicles were sold in the european market

Score 0.471
sales partners and suppliersthe mercedesbenz group expects not only its employees to comply with laws and regulations.  the group also places clear compliance requirements on its sales partners and suppliers because it regards integrity and conformity with regulations as a precondition for trustbased cooperation.  the mercedesbenz group formulates in detail what it expects from its business partners in the business partner standards bps and specifically for its suppliers in the responsible sourcing standards rss both documents are publicly available on the group website.  in the selection of direct sales partners and in existing sales partnerships the mercedesbenz group ensures that its business partners comply with laws and observe ethical principles.  for this purpose we use a globally standardized riskbased sales business partner due diligence process

Score 0.471
inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements .  other operating income and expense the composition of other operating income is shown in the following table.  other operating income in millions of euros income from costs recharged government grants gains on sales of property plant and equipment rental income not relating to sales financing income from company transactions other miscellaneous income income from costs recharged to third parties includes it and logistics costs as well as other costs re charged to third parties with related expenses primarily within functional costs.  the decrease in other operating income i n was mainly due to the income from the sale of the retail activities in canada million reported in the comparative period.  it is included in gains on sales of property plant and equipment

Score 0.471
segment information mercedesbenz cars mercedesbenz vans mercedesbenz mobility total segments reconciliation mercedesbenz group in millions of euros external revenue intersegment revenue total revenue segment profitloss ebit thereof gainslosses on equitymethod investments thereof profitloss from compounding and effects from changes in discount rates of provisions for other risks segment assets thereof carrying amounts of equitymethod investments segment liabilities additions to noncurrent assets thereof investments in intangible assets thereof investments in property plant and equipment depreciation and amortization of noncurrent assets thereof amortization of intangible assets thereof depreciation of property plant and equipment inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements reconciliation the following t able shows the reconciliation of ebit according to segment reporting to the consolidated statement of income.  reconciliation of ebit to group figures in millions of euros total of segments profitloss ebit gainslosses on equitymethod investments other reconciling items eliminations ebit as shown in the consolidated statement of incomeloss the gainslosses on equitymethod investments includes the positive profit contribution of million million from daimler truck holding ag.  the line item other reconciling items includes further items at the corporate level .  in the prior year the line item included expenses in connection with the sale of individual invest ments and business activities to daimler truck holding ag or its subsidiaries .  the r econciliation of segment assets and liabilities to relevant amounts for the group is shown in the next table

Score 0.471
as of december the quantification of tax risks and opportunities affecting the net profit will be disclosed for the first time in this risk and opportunity report.  additionally there are minor tax risks to the operating result.  any changes in legislation and jurisdiction as well as different interpretations of the law by the fiscal authorities especially in the field of crossborder transactions may be subject to considerable uncertainty.  it is therefore possible that the provisions recognized will not be sufficient which could have negative effects on the groups net profit and cash flows. positive effects on the groups net profit and cash flows are also possible as a result of retroactive legislation future court rulings or changes in the opinions of the tax authorities

Score 0.47
the r econciliation of segment assets and liabilities to relevant amounts for the group is shown in the next table .  reconciliation of segment assets and liabilities to group figures in millions of euros total of segment assets equitymethod investment in dthag other equitymethod investments income tax assets other reconciling items and eliminations segment assets group unallocated financial instruments including liquidity and assets from pensions and similar obligations total assets group total of segment liabilities income tax liabilities other reconciling items and eliminations segment liabilities group unallocated financial instruments and liabilities from pensions and similar obligations total equity group total equity and liabilities group this mainly comprises the equitymethod carrying amount of baic motor.  unless these are attributable to mercedesbenz mobility.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements revenue and noncurrent assets by region with respect to information o n geographical regions revenue is allocated to countries based on the location of the customer noncurrent assets are presented according to the physical location of these assets.  revenue from external customers and noncurrent assets by region are shown in the following table

Score 0.47
restructuring provisions are set up in connection with programmes that materially change the scope of business performed by a segment or business unit or the manner in which business is conducted.  in most cases restructuring expenses include termination benefits and compensation payments due to the termination of agreements with suppliers and dealers.  benefits on termination of employment are recognized when the group has a detailed formal plan that has either commenced implementation or been announced.  contract and refund liabilities contract liabilities a contract liability is an entitys obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the entity has received consideration or the amount is due from the customer.  refund liabilities a refund liability occurs if the mercedesbenz group receives consideration from a customer and expects to refund some or all of that consideration to the customer

Score 0.47
further information on allowances on receivables from financial services can be found in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in note significant accounting policies in note receivables from financial services in note management of financial risks and in the combined management report in the section entitled financial risks and opportunities. the risk for the consolidated financial statementsreceivables from financial services   million resulting from the groups financing and leasing activities include receivables from sales financing with customers receivables from sales financing with dealers and receivables from finance lease contracts.  the loss allowances on these receivables amounted at the reporting date to   million. the calculation of the loss allowances is based on expected credit losses and therefore also includes expectations regarding the future.  recognition of the expected credit losses is carried out by means of a threeparameter procedure for the determination of loss allowances

Score 0.47
inventories inventories are measured at the lower of acquisition or manufacturing cost and net realizable value.  the net realizable value is the expected sales price less estimated costs of completion and estimated costs to sell.  the acquisition or manufacturing costs of inventories are generally based on the specific identification method and include costs incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them to their present location and condition.  acquisition or manufacturing costs for large numbers of inventories that are interchangeable are allocated under the averagecost formula.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements in the case of manufactured inventories and work in progress manufacturing cost also includes production overheads based on normal capacity

Score 0.469
suppliers are to conserve natural resources and avoid environmental damage repair any damage that does occur and compensate for such damage that cannot be avoided or repaired. measures in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain.  this includes training preventive and corrective measures risk analyses documentation for tracking and reporting purposes and effectiveness checks.  the mercedesbenz group uses these tools in order to increase the transparency of the supply chain and ensures that the internationally recognized human rights are upheld by business partners as well and that other social standards and environmental requirements are met.  the procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here

Score 0.469
the impairment amount for trade receivables is predominantly determined on a collective basis.  a financial instrument is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery in whole or in part for example after the end of insolvency proceedings or after a court decision of uncollectibility.  significant modification of financial assets e. g.  with a change in the present value of the contractual cash flows of also leads to derecognition of the financial assets with a simultaneous recognition of new financial assets

Score 0.469
el nel nel nel nel nel sale of secondhand goods ce .  nel nel nel el nel nelrevenue from taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned a.  a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a

Score 0.469
they are applied worldwide. measures in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain.  this includes training preventive and corrective measures risk analyses documentation for tracking and reporting purposes and effectiveness checks.  with these instruments the mercedesbenz group intends to increase transparency in the supply chain and to ensure that internationally recognized human rights are upheld by business partners as well and that other social standards and environmental requirements are met.  the procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here

Score 0.469
this generally occurs at the time the customer takes possession of the products.  if a dealer is not classified as a principal but as an agent and therefore control of vehicles is not transferred to him sales revenue is only recorded when the end customer obtains control.  the brokerage commissions payable to the dealer are shown in selling expenses.  revenue recognition from the sale of vehicles for which the group enters into a repurchase obligation is dependent on the form of the repurchase agreement.  sales of vehicles by which the mercedesbenz group is obliged to repurchase the vehicles in the future are accounted for as operating leases

Score 0.469
inventories .  trade receivables .  equity .  sharebased payment .  pensions and similar obligations

Score 0.468
these classifications are based on current or historical vehicle sales data for the fleet that is currently on the market and data on production volumes.  in the reporting year the share of taxonomyaligned revenue increased to .  the main reasons for this were an increase in unit sales of allelectric vehicles and the expansion of the product portfolio for lowcarbon vehicles. the revenues shown below are included as an aggregation across the various economic activities. the following table shows the scope of the taxonomy eligibility and the taxonomyalignment for the revenue by environmental objectiverevenue proportiontotal revenue taxonomyalignment per objectivetaxonomyeligibility per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio taxonomyeligibility of revenue for the share of taxonomyeligible revenue under a

Score 0.468
contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupwith regard to the confirmed violations the mercedesbenz group decides on appropriate response measures in line with the principles of proportionality and fairness.  the personnel measures in included admonishments warnings and terminations without notice. sales partners and suppliersthe mercedesbenz group expects not only its employees to comply with laws and regulations.  the group also places clear compliance requirements on its sales partners and suppliers because it regards integrity and conformity with regulations as a precondition for trustbased cooperation.  the mercedesbenz group formulates in detail what it expects from its business partners in the business partner standards bps and specifically for its suppliers in the responsible sourcing standards rss both documents are publicly available on the group website