Scores_c_MANUFACTURINGScore 0.586
this includes the verification of the recycling or disposal of waste generated during construction and demolition. pollution prevention and control with regard to the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  under appendix c annex i of the delegated act of the eu delegated regulation eu the taxonomy regulation refers to the concept of avoiding the manufacturing placing on the market or use of restricted and reportable substances subject to current european legislation on chemicals.  the implementation of internal processes for specification approval and control is intended to ensure compliance with european regulations according to appendix c and respective national legislations.  the global automotive declarable substance list gadsl forms the basis for the prohibition and declaration requirement of substances in mercedesbenz products

Score 0.57
for economic activity .  the applicable dnsh criteria were analysed and checked for adherence.  this includes the verification of the recycling or disposal of waste generated during construction and demolition. pollution prevention and control with regard to the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  under appendix c annex i of the delegated act of the eu delegated regulation eu the taxonomy regulation refers to the concept of avoiding the manufacturing placing on the market or use of restricted and reportable substances subject to current european legislation on chemicals

Score 0.544
the applicable dnsh criteria were analysed and checked for adherence.  this includes the verification of the recycling or disposal of waste generated during construction and demolition. pollution prevention and control with regard to the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  under appendix c annex i of the delegated act of the eu delegated regulation eu the taxonomy regulation refers to the concept of avoiding the manufacturing placing on the market or use of restricted and reportable substances subject to current european legislation on chemicals.  the implementation of internal processes for specification approval and control is intended to ensure compliance with european regulations according to appendix c and respective national legislations

Score 0.542
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y eoperating expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.521
under appendix c annex i of the delegated act of the eu delegated regulation eu the taxonomy regulation refers to the concept of avoiding the manufacturing placing on the market or use of restricted and reportable substances subject to current european legislation on chemicals.  the implementation of internal processes for specification approval and control is intended to ensure compliance with european regulations according to appendix c and respective national legislations.  the global automotive declarable substance list gadsl forms the basis for the prohibition and declaration requirement of substances in mercedesbenz products.  the mercedesbenz group also defines specifications for substitution analyses and thus for the use of less critical hazardous substances.  with regard to economic activity

Score 0.519
in addition according to the delegated act relating to article of the taxonomy regulation expenditure from the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report. building renovation measures and certain maintenance and repair expenses basically labour and material costs as well as purchased services relating to property plant and equipment are included.  these components of the relevant operating expenditures were collected exclusively from the manufacturing companies on the basis of materiality considerations. in a manner similar to the approach taken for capital expenditure the relevant operating expenditures were also examined here for the determination of the numerator on the basis of the materiality considerations mentioned above to determine whether they are related to the manufacture of vehicles.  this applies to the operating expenditure described

Score 0.519
the eu taxonomy regulation requires an assessment and if possible the application of measures that promote the transition to a circular economy including the use of secondary materials high durability of products and waste management in production.  when developing products the mercedesbenz group considers the concept of circular economy from the very start and has set itself the overarching goal of increasing its use of secondary materials in vehicles.  in addition the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  are taken into account through the implementation of the legal requirements on recyclability and reusability for passenger car models and light commercial vehicles. the mercedesbenz group is intensifying its efforts to use lower volumes of raw materials and other materials in its production operations

Score 0.517
in order to improve its environmental footprint in production operations the group has set reduction targets for energy water and waste at all of its production sites worldwide. in order to achieve its goals the group uses groupwide resource management with its environmental and energy management systems to ensure that appropriate measures are developed adapted to challenges where necessary and monitored. in order to ensure efficient highquality and environmentally friendly manufacturing operations the group has established an environmental management system certified in accordance with iso at its production sites around the world.  all german manufacturing locations and the two european production sites in kecskemt hungary and vitoria spain have also been validated in accordance with emas.  in addition the german production sites have had energy management systems conforming to din en iso in place since and the group has these systems certified every three years

Score 0.511
y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  a.  operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.509
the applicable requirements from the taxonomy regulation on noise vibration dust and pollutants must be complied with. protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems to demonstrate the requirements for economic activity .  ecologically sensitive or protected areas in the neighbourhood of sites are documented and taken into account as part of the internal environmental risk assessment environmental due diligence process.  furthermore environmental impact assessments or comparable audits outside the eu are carried out in the context of a new site or the extension of an existing site if legally required.  in addition the group has established environmental management systems in accordance with iso at its production sites

Score 0.508
y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel freight transport services by road ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel sale of secondhand goods ce

Score 0.505
building renovation measures and certain maintenance and repair expenses basically labour and material costs as well as purchased services relating to property plant and equipment are included.  these components of the relevant operating expenditures were collected exclusively from the manufacturing companies on the basis of materiality considerations. in a manner similar to the approach taken for capital expenditure the relevant operating expenditures were also examined here for the determination of the numerator on the basis of the materiality considerations mentioned above to determine whether they are related to the manufacture of vehicles.  this applies to the operating expenditure described. operating expenditure taxonomyaligned operating expenditure total operating expenditure proportion of taxonomyaligned operating expendituretaxonomyaligned operating expenditure total operating expenditure proportion of taxonomyaligned operating expenditurein millions of euros in millions of euros in in millions of euros in millions of euros in noncapitalized research and development costs other operating expenditure total taxonomyalignment of operating expenditure in order to calculate the taxonomyaligned proportion of economic activities under a

Score 0.504
operating expenditurecategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y eoperating expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta

Score 0.501
with regard to supply chains suspected violations of the responsible sourcing standards can be reported via the bpo.  if the misconduct or problem falls within the suppliers area of responsibility the supplier must take measures to immediately correct or eliminate the problem.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupeu taxonomyone of the important goals of the commission action plan on financing sustainable growth in the context of the european green deal is to divert capital flows to sustainable investments.  this is also the logic behind the eu taxonomy regulation eu that came into force in mid.  this regulation governs the establishment of a standardized and legally binding classification system that defines the types of economic activity in the eu that are considered to be taxonomyaligned and thus environmentally sustainable with regard to six environmental objectives established by the regulation climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystemscompanies that are required to publish a nonfinancial declaration must also comply with the taxonomy regulation

Score 0.498
pollution prevention and control with regard to the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  under appendix c annex i of the delegated act of the eu delegated regulation eu the taxonomy regulation refers to the concept of avoiding the manufacturing placing on the market or use of restricted and reportable substances subject to current european legislation on chemicals.  the implementation of internal processes for specification approval and control is intended to ensure compliance with european regulations according to appendix c and respective national legislations.  the global automotive declarable substance list gadsl forms the basis for the prohibition and declaration requirement of substances in mercedesbenz products.  the mercedesbenz group also defines specifications for substitution analyses and thus for the use of less critical hazardous substances

Score 0.497
taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  a.  operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a

Score 0.496
the costs of internally produced equipment and facilities include all direct costs and allocable overheads.  acquisition or manufacturing costs include the estimated costs if any of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site as well as borrowing costs.  depreciable property plant and equipment are written down by scheduled depreciation over the corresponding useful life generally on a straightline basis.  the useful lives of property plant and equipment are shown in the following table.  useful lives of property plant and equipment buildings and site improvements to years technical equipment and machinery to years other equipment factory and office equipment to years leasing leases include all contracts that transfer the right to use a specified asset for a stated period of time in exchange for consideration even if the transfer of the right to use such asset is not explicitly described in the contract

Score 0.496
y nel nel nel nel nel y y eoperating expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  a

Score 0.495
these operating expenditures include noncapitalized research and development costs and costs arising from shortterm leasing agreements.  in addition according to the delegated act relating to article of the taxonomy regulation expenditure from the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report. building renovation measures and certain maintenance and repair expenses basically labour and material costs as well as purchased services relating to property plant and equipment are included.  these components of the relevant operating expenditures were collected exclusively from the manufacturing companies on the basis of materiality considerations. in a manner similar to the approach taken for capital expenditure the relevant operating expenditures were also examined here for the determination of the numerator on the basis of the materiality considerations mentioned above to determine whether they are related to the manufacture of vehicles

Score 0.494
taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y eoperating expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm

Score 0.493
measures in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain.  this includes training preventive and corrective measures risk analyses documentation for tracking and reporting purposes and effectiveness checks.  the mercedesbenz group uses these tools in order to increase the transparency of the supply chain and ensures that the internationally recognized human rights are upheld by business partners as well and that other social standards and environmental requirements are met.  the procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here.  further information in the chapters social compliance and environmental issues

Score 0.491
with regard to economic activity .  the reductions due to the dnsh requirements of the environmental objective pollution prevention and control were taken into account in the taxonomyalignment of revenues and investments. fulfilment of minimum safeguards an economic activity can only be classified as environmentally sustainable within the meaning of the taxonomy if it is also conducted in accordance with certain minimum standards that are based on international frameworks.  here article of the taxonomy regulation references the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights including the basic principles and rights from the eight core conventions defined in the international labour organizations declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work and the international bill of human rights.  the taxonomy regulation itself does not further specify the standards

Score 0.49
or taxonomy eligible a.  revenuecategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y etransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm

Score 0.49
taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel freight transport services by road ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel sale of secondhand goods ce .  nel nel nel el nel nelrevenue from taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.49
the procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here.  further information in the chapters social compliance and environmental issues.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupcomplaint managementthe business people protection office bpo whistleblower system makes it possible for employees and external whistleblowers around the world to report rules violations.  with regard to supply chains suspected violations of the responsible sourcing standards can be reported via the bpo.  if the misconduct or problem falls within the suppliers area of responsibility the supplier must take measures to immediately correct or eliminate the problem

Score 0.489
the cornerstones of this approach involve the use of recyclates and lightweight materials as well as recyclability.  mercedesbenz group requirement specifications already define a minimum proportion of recycled material for each component in new mercedesbenz cars.  this proportion varies depending on the vehicle model and series in question.  as part of its sustainable business strategy the mercedesbenz group also relies on the use of natural fibres and textiles as a means of replacing conventional plastics with renewable raw materials. steel the use of secondary materials such as steel scrap can reduce primary resource requirements in line with a circular economy

Score 0.489
aluminium is a light metal that can be recycled without any loss of quality and the recycling process for aluminium uses less energy than would be required to produce new aluminium.  in order to continue increasing its use of recycled materials mercedesbenz ag is working with its suppliers to develop aluminium alloys with high endoflife scrap potential from old vehicles or packaging for example.  in addition by amending existing supply agreements mercedesbenz ag and its suppliers continued to work on the decarbonization of the aluminium supply chain for all of their production operations in europe.  at least one third of the primary aluminium that will be used for new electric models in europe is to be produced using energy from renewable sources. in secondary material targets were defined for mercedesbenz cars and mercedesbenz vans and these were then firmly incorporated into the requirements for contract awards

Score 0.489
for example load carriers and the materials used for securing loads and cargo are now where possible reused in a closed cycle as are steel barrels e. g.  for thermal conductive paste adhesives and lubricants. in the reporting year mercedesbenz cars reduced the total amount of waste per vehicle by and the amount of waste for disposal per vehicle by compared to .  at mercedesbenz vans total waste per vehicle increased by as compared to while waste volume for disposal per vehicle fell by during the reporting year

Score 0.488
or taxonomyeligible a.  capital expenditure category enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y n nel nel nel nel y y etransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm

Score 0.488
taxonomyalignmentin a further step taxonomyalignment must be assessed for taxonomyeligible economic activities.  only taxonomyeligible activities can be considered as environmentally sustainable activities or as being taxonomyaligned provided they meet certain technical screening criteria.  here the fulfilment of certain technical screening criteria with regard to the relevant economic activities must make a substantial contribution to an environmental objective defined by the taxonomy regulation and on the basis of defined do no significant harm criteria dnsh criteria also exclude the possibility of significant interference with another environmental objective.  it must also be ensured that minimum standards are met with regard to issues such as upholding human rights or combating corruption minimum safeguards. fulfilment of a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigationaccording to the delegated act all vehicles below the current limit value of g co km per vehicle in accordance with the wltp as defined in the technical screening criteria make a substantial contribution to the climate change mitigation environmental objective

Score 0.488
relates to assets or processes in the context of already existing technologies which are connected to already existing taxonomyaligned economic activities .  and . .  for most of the capital expenditure relating to the industrial business a direct attribution was made to allelectric vehicle projects.  in the case of capital expenditure in lowcarbon plugin hybrids and assets that are used to produce both vehicles with combustion engines and lowcarbon vehicles suitable allocations based on planned vehicle sales figures for the respective model series or vehicle platforms were used

Score 0.487
this regulation governs the establishment of a standardized and legally binding classification system that defines the types of economic activity in the eu that are considered to be taxonomyaligned and thus environmentally sustainable with regard to six environmental objectives established by the regulation climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystemscompanies that are required to publish a nonfinancial declaration must also comply with the taxonomy regulation.  according to article of the taxonomy regulation the taxonomyaligned proportions of revenue capital expenditure and operating expenditure accounted for by environmentally sustainable economic activities are to be reported on an annual basis.  taxonomyeligibilitytaxonomyeligibility is assessed in an initial step.  for an economic activity to be taxonomyeligible that activity must be mentioned and explained in further detail in the delegated acts for the taxonomy regulation.  the eu delegated acts commission delegated regulation eu and its supplement commission delegated regulation eu which was adopted by the european commission in june contain descriptions of relevant economic activities and technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation

Score 0.486
the operating expenditures to be taken into account in the denominator correspond to a figure that was exclusively calculated within the framework of taxonomy reporting as they are elements of the individual functional costs.  these operating expenditures include noncapitalized research and development costs and costs arising from shortterm leasing agreements.  in addition according to the delegated act relating to article of the taxonomy regulation expenditure from the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report. building renovation measures and certain maintenance and repair expenses basically labour and material costs as well as purchased services relating to property plant and equipment are included.  these components of the relevant operating expenditures were collected exclusively from the manufacturing companies on the basis of materiality considerations

Score 0.486
in order to reduce total waste it is important to ensure transparency concerning the waste value streams and to correctly separate the various types of waste.  the mercedesbenz group generally works with licensed and regularly certified waste disposal companies to ensure the professional disposal of our waste materials in accordance with legal requirements.  furthermore it continues to reduce waste such as clippings sands filter media and slurries through the implementation of new or optimized production processes.  the mercedesbenz group also works with some suppliers in order to avoid waste.  for example load carriers and the materials used for securing loads and cargo are now where possible reused in a closed cycle as are steel barrels e

Score 0.486
or taxonomyeligible a.  operating expenditurecategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y eoperating expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.485
the group has incorporated the guidelines for sustainable supply chain management into the responsible sourcing standards rss.  these are contractually stipulated with direct suppliers and are applied worldwide.  the goal here is to prevent minimize or if possible put a stop to any negative effects on human rights worldwide.  the rss define the minimum requirements for suppliers.  they are already used as a basis for the tendering process for suppliers of production materials

Score 0.484
are taken into account through the implementation of the legal requirements on recyclability and reusability for passenger car models and light commercial vehicles. the mercedesbenz group is intensifying its efforts to use lower volumes of raw materials and other materials in its production operations.  in accordance with the waste hierarchy the companys primary goal is to avoid waste.  for its own production sites worldwide the mercedesbenz group has set reduction targets for factors such as total waste volume and waste volume for disposal per vehicle.  waste management is also a component of the groups internal environmental risk assessment

Score 0.483
products working models human resources e. g.  human resources management employee issues world of work sustainabilityesg in particular the environment green production and logistics climate and decarbonization strategy social people plan sustainable supply chains governance sustainable corporate governance sustainable finance industry e. g.  production procurement innovation research and development technology salesbrands capital markets the specification examples in the parentheses for the areas shown above are not complete in addition expertise does not have to be demonstrated for every specified item in the parentheses for each area

Score 0.483
with regard to car manufacturer in particular and as an example the document shows that the activity manufacture of lowcarbon vehicles also includes vehicles with combustion engines.  for the mercedesbenz group this clarification by the european commission means that the manufacture of all group vehicles is to be classified as taxonomyeligible.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupeconomic activity .  relates to leasing and sales financing of all cars and vans purchased from third parties. economic activity

Score 0.481
suppliers are to conserve natural resources and avoid environmental damage repair any damage that does occur and compensate for such damage that cannot be avoided or repaired. measures in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain.  this includes training preventive and corrective measures risk analyses documentation for tracking and reporting purposes and effectiveness checks.  the mercedesbenz group uses these tools in order to increase the transparency of the supply chain and ensures that the internationally recognized human rights are upheld by business partners as well and that other social standards and environmental requirements are met.  the procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here

Score 0.48
as taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable.  an assessment of taxonomyalignment has not been carried out. the individual economic activities are additionally to be classified according to enabling activities and transitional activities.  an enabling activity is an economic activity that makes a substantial contribution to one or more environmental objectives by directly enabling further activities to also make a substantial contribution.  at the mercedesbenz group this mostly applies to the economic activities

Score 0.48
the mercedesbenz group reports economic activity .  as taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable.  an assessment of taxonomyalignment has not been carried out. the individual economic activities are additionally to be classified according to enabling activities and transitional activities.  an enabling activity is an economic activity that makes a substantial contribution to one or more environmental objectives by directly enabling further activities to also make a substantial contribution

Score 0.479
requirements for suppliersthe mercedesbenz group is committed to the responsible procurement of production materials nonproduction materials and services.  the group has incorporated the guidelines for sustainable supply chain management into the responsible sourcing standards rss.  they define minimum requirements and expectations for direct suppliers and contractually oblige them to comply with these requirements to communicate them to their employees and upstream stages of the value chain and to monitor compliance with them in their business processes and sphere of influence. the goal here is to prevent minimize or if possible bring to an end any negative impacts on human rights worldwide.  the rss are an integral part of all new orders for tier suppliers and the key contractual document for minimum and sustainability requirements

Score 0.478
for an economic activity to be taxonomyeligible that activity must be mentioned and explained in further detail in the delegated acts for the taxonomy regulation.  the eu delegated acts commission delegated regulation eu and its supplement commission delegated regulation eu which was adopted by the european commission in june contain descriptions of relevant economic activities and technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation.  the supplement to the delegated regulation includes new technical screening criteria that refer to both the existing economic activities and to new economic activities.  furthermore a new eu delegated act commission delegated regulation eu containing economic activities and technical screening criteria relevant for the remaining environmental objectives was published in .  the economic activities relevant to the mercedesbenz group in this context are to be found under the environmental objectives climate change mitigation climate change adaptation and transition to a circular economy

Score 0.478
the implementation of internal processes for specification approval and control is intended to ensure compliance with european regulations according to appendix c and respective national legislations.  the global automotive declarable substance list gadsl forms the basis for the prohibition and declaration requirement of substances in mercedesbenz products.  the mercedesbenz group also defines specifications for substitution analyses and thus for the use of less critical hazardous substances.  with regard to economic activity .  the dnsh criteria refer to compliance with various productrelated european regulations and directives

Score 0.478
furthermore it continues to reduce waste such as clippings sands filter media and slurries through the implementation of new or optimized production processes.  the mercedesbenz group also works with some suppliers in order to avoid waste.  for example load carriers and the materials used for securing loads and cargo are now where possible reused in a closed cycle as are steel barrels e. g.  for thermal conductive paste adhesives and lubricants

Score 0.477
capital expenditure category enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y n nel nel nel nel y y etransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport ccm

Score 0.477
these components of the relevant operating expenditures were collected exclusively from the manufacturing companies on the basis of materiality considerations. in a manner similar to the approach taken for capital expenditure the relevant operating expenditures were also examined here for the determination of the numerator on the basis of the materiality considerations mentioned above to determine whether they are related to the manufacture of vehicles.  this applies to the operating expenditure described. operating expenditure taxonomyaligned operating expenditure total operating expenditure proportion of taxonomyaligned operating expendituretaxonomyaligned operating expenditure total operating expenditure proportion of taxonomyaligned operating expenditurein millions of euros in millions of euros in in millions of euros in millions of euros in noncapitalized research and development costs other operating expenditure total taxonomyalignment of operating expenditure in order to calculate the taxonomyaligned proportion of economic activities under a.  in the table operating expenditure operating expenditure was examined to determine the extent to which it was associated with lowcarbon vehicles in order to assess whether a substantial contribution had been made to climate change mitigation

Score 0.475
y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el el nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel capital expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  a

Score 0.473
sustainability in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group is committed to the responsible procurement of production materials nonproduction materials and services.  the group has incorporated the guidelines for sustainable supply chain management into the responsible sourcing standards rss.  these are contractually stipulated with direct suppliers and are applied worldwide.  the goal here is to prevent minimize or if possible put a stop to any negative effects on human rights worldwide.  the rss define the minimum requirements for suppliers

Score 0.473
an assessment of taxonomyalignment has not been carried out. the individual economic activities are additionally to be classified according to enabling activities and transitional activities.  an enabling activity is an economic activity that makes a substantial contribution to one or more environmental objectives by directly enabling further activities to also make a substantial contribution.  at the mercedesbenz group this mostly applies to the economic activities .  and

Score 0.473
in addition the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  are taken into account through the implementation of the legal requirements on recyclability and reusability for passenger car models and light commercial vehicles. the mercedesbenz group is intensifying its efforts to use lower volumes of raw materials and other materials in its production operations.  in accordance with the waste hierarchy the companys primary goal is to avoid waste.  for its own production sites worldwide the mercedesbenz group has set reduction targets for factors such as total waste volume and waste volume for disposal per vehicle

Score 0.47
resource conservation in the supply chainthe supply chain also plays an important role in efforts to conserve resources.  the mercedesbenz group wants to decouple resource consumption from economic growth.  to achieve this goal it is relying on the support of its suppliers.  with their help the group wants to continuously increase the proportion of secondary and renewable materials in its vehicles.  plastics steel and aluminium have been identified as particularly important such materials in mercedesbenz vehicles

Score 0.47
if the misconduct or problem falls within the suppliers area of responsibility the supplier must take measures to immediately correct or eliminate the problem.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupeu taxonomyone of the important goals of the commission action plan on financing sustainable growth in the context of the european green deal is to divert capital flows to sustainable investments.  this is also the logic behind the eu taxonomy regulation eu that came into force in mid.  this regulation governs the establishment of a standardized and legally binding classification system that defines the types of economic activity in the eu that are considered to be taxonomyaligned and thus environmentally sustainable with regard to six environmental objectives established by the regulation climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystemscompanies that are required to publish a nonfinancial declaration must also comply with the taxonomy regulation.  according to article of the taxonomy regulation the taxonomyaligned proportions of revenue capital expenditure and operating expenditure accounted for by environmentally sustainable economic activities are to be reported on an annual basis

Score 0.47
in order to continue increasing its use of recycled materials mercedesbenz ag is working with its suppliers to develop aluminium alloys with high endoflife scrap potential from old vehicles or packaging for example.  in addition by amending existing supply agreements mercedesbenz ag and its suppliers continued to work on the decarbonization of the aluminium supply chain for all of their production operations in europe.  at least one third of the primary aluminium that will be used for new electric models in europe is to be produced using energy from renewable sources. in secondary material targets were defined for mercedesbenz cars and mercedesbenz vans and these were then firmly incorporated into the requirements for contract awards.  in the reporting year the company carried out a model seriesspecific analysis at component level in order to realize further potential for increasing secondary materials

Score 0.469
they are applied worldwide. measures in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain.  this includes training preventive and corrective measures risk analyses documentation for tracking and reporting purposes and effectiveness checks.  with these instruments the mercedesbenz group intends to increase transparency in the supply chain and to ensure that internationally recognized human rights are upheld by business partners as well and that other social standards and environmental requirements are met.  the procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here

Score 0.468
y nel nel nel nel nel y y ecapital expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el el nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel capital expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.468
we regularly conduct such risk mapping in order to address current developments and adapt our risk classification if necessary.  the main human rights risks for the identified services are then determined on a stepbystep and supply chainspecific basis and appropriate measures are defined. requirements for suppliersthe mercedesbenz group is committed to the responsible procurement of production materials nonproduction materials and services.  the group has incorporated the guidelines for sustainable supply chain management into the responsible sourcing standards rss.  they define minimum requirements and expectations for direct suppliers and contractually oblige them to comply with these requirements to communicate them to their employees and upstream stages of the value chain and to monitor compliance with them in their business processes and sphere of influence

Score 0.468
it has identified critical raw materials.  the list is reviewed annually on the basis of certain criteria such as the country risk of the main mining countries and updated if necessary.  the group plans to gradually examine these critical raw materials in more detail between now and and to define corresponding measures.  this review consists of three steps.  increasing transparency along the raw material supply chains  especially with regard to certain components in a mercedesbenz such as battery cells

Score 0.467
taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el el nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel capital expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  a.  capital expenditure of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.467
and .  relates to assets or processes in the context of already existing technologies which are connected to already existing taxonomyaligned economic activities .  and . .  for most of the capital expenditure relating to the industrial business a direct attribution was made to allelectric vehicle projects

Score 0.467
the procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here. in addition tier suppliers were continuously screened for human rights violations and breaches of environmental standards in the reporting year.  the objective is to identify possible violations at an early stage on the basis of the latest supplier data.  should there be any indication revealed the responsible procurement department initiates an extensive examination of the situation.  the mercedesbenz group also continued to conduct audits at tier suppliers in when it made onsite inspections

Score 0.465
the mercedesbenz group is intensifying its efforts to use lower volumes of raw materials and other materials in its production operations.  in accordance with the waste hierarchy the companys primary goal is to avoid waste.  for its own production sites worldwide the mercedesbenz group has set reduction targets for factors such as total waste volume and waste volume for disposal per vehicle.  waste management is also a component of the groups internal environmental risk assessment. for economic activity

Score 0.464
the supplement to the delegated regulation includes new technical screening criteria that refer to both the existing economic activities and to new economic activities.  furthermore a new eu delegated act commission delegated regulation eu containing economic activities and technical screening criteria relevant for the remaining environmental objectives was published in .  the economic activities relevant to the mercedesbenz group in this context are to be found under the environmental objectives climate change mitigation climate change adaptation and transition to a circular economy.  on the basis of the descriptions contained in the delegated acts relating to climate change mitigation the following taxonomyeligible economic activities have been identified for the group economic activity .  encompasses manufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport in connection with the production of cars and vans economic activity

Score 0.464
acquisition or manufacturing costs include the estimated costs if any of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site as well as borrowing costs.  depreciable property plant and equipment are written down by scheduled depreciation over the corresponding useful life generally on a straightline basis.  the useful lives of property plant and equipment are shown in the following table.  useful lives of property plant and equipment buildings and site improvements to years technical equipment and machinery to years other equipment factory and office equipment to years leasing leases include all contracts that transfer the right to use a specified asset for a stated period of time in exchange for consideration even if the transfer of the right to use such asset is not explicitly described in the contract.  the group is a lessee mainly of real estate properties and a lessor of its products

Score 0.463
any excess obligation that may exist is valued at the market value of the emission allowances still to be acquired.  property plant and equipment property plant and equipment are measured at acquisition or manufacturing costs less accumulated depreciation.  if necessary accumulated impairment losses are recognized.  the costs of internally produced equipment and facilities include all direct costs and allocable overheads.  acquisition or manufacturing costs include the estimated costs if any of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site as well as borrowing costs

Score 0.463
the acquisition or manufacturing costs of inventories are generally based on the specific identification method and include costs incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them to their present location and condition.  acquisition or manufacturing costs for large numbers of inventories that are interchangeable are allocated under the averagecost formula.  inhalt an unsere aktionärinnen und aktionäre zusammengefasster lagebericht mit nichtfinanzieller erklärung corporate governance konzernabschluss weitere informationen notes to the consolidated financial statementscontents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information notes to the consolidated financial statementsannual report mercedesbenz group annual report mercedesbenz group contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further i nformation notes to the consolidated financial statements in the case of manufactured inventories and work in progress manufacturing cost also includes production overheads based on normal capacity.  financial instruments a financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.  financial instruments in the form of financial assets and financial liabilities are generally presented separately

Score 0.462
taxonomy noneligible activities operating expenditure of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio.  the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report.  description y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  description el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective

Score 0.462
these are contractually stipulated with direct suppliers and are applied worldwide.  the goal here is to prevent minimize or if possible put a stop to any negative effects on human rights worldwide.  the rss define the minimum requirements for suppliers.  they are already used as a basis for the tendering process for suppliers of production materials.  the rss require direct suppliers to communicate the rss provisions to their own employees and to their direct suppliers and ensure that the rss are complied with in their business processes and in the areas in which they exert an influence

Score 0.461
y nel nel nel nel nel y y erevenue from environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel freight transport services by road ccm

Score 0.459
forms the basis for considering the taxonomycompliant shares.  with regard to economic activity .  the reductions due to the dnsh requirements of the environmental objective pollution prevention and control were taken into account in the taxonomyalignment of revenues and investments. fulfilment of minimum safeguards an economic activity can only be classified as environmentally sustainable within the meaning of the taxonomy if it is also conducted in accordance with certain minimum standards that are based on international frameworks.  here article of the taxonomy regulation references the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights including the basic principles and rights from the eight core conventions defined in the international labour organizations declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work and the international bill of human rights

Score 0.459
revenuecategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y etransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport ccm

Score 0.459
steel the use of secondary materials such as steel scrap can reduce primary resource requirements in line with a circular economy.  for example mercedesbenz ag and its partner therefore ensure the recycling of scrap steel from the mercedesbenz cars plant in sindelfingen germany. aluminium mercedesbenz cars and mercedesbenz vans already use recycled materials including recycled aluminium in numerous seriesproduction vehicles.  aluminium is a light metal that can be recycled without any loss of quality and the recycling process for aluminium uses less energy than would be required to produce new aluminium.  in order to continue increasing its use of recycled materials mercedesbenz ag is working with its suppliers to develop aluminium alloys with high endoflife scrap potential from old vehicles or packaging for example

Score 0.457
for its own production sites worldwide the mercedesbenz group has set reduction targets for factors such as total waste volume and waste volume for disposal per vehicle.  waste management is also a component of the groups internal environmental risk assessment. for economic activity .  the applicable dnsh criteria were analysed and checked for adherence.  this includes the verification of the recycling or disposal of waste generated during construction and demolition

Score 0.456
in the table operating expenditure the taxonomyeligible operating expenditure is considered in relation to the relevant operating expenditure of the group. the operating expenditures to be taken into account in the denominator correspond to a figure that was exclusively calculated within the framework of taxonomy reporting as they are elements of the individual functional costs.  these operating expenditures include noncapitalized research and development costs and costs arising from shortterm leasing agreements.  in addition according to the delegated act relating to article of the taxonomy regulation expenditure from the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report. building renovation measures and certain maintenance and repair expenses basically labour and material costs as well as purchased services relating to property plant and equipment are included

Score 0.454
if necessary accumulated impairment losses are recognized.  the costs of internally produced equipment and facilities include all direct costs and allocable overheads.  acquisition or manufacturing costs include the estimated costs if any of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site as well as borrowing costs.  depreciable property plant and equipment are written down by scheduled depreciation over the corresponding useful life generally on a straightline basis.  the useful lives of property plant and equipment are shown in the following table

Score 0.454
that encompasses the sale of secondhand goods which are purchased by the mercedesbenz group from third parties was identified on the basis of the descriptions in the delegated act relating to the transition to a circular economy.  for the reporting year simplified reporting obligations apply for economic activities newly introduced by the delegated acts.  these stipulate that only reporting in relation to taxonomyeligibility is required.  the mercedesbenz group reports economic activity .  as taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable

Score 0.454
in addition by amending existing supply agreements mercedesbenz ag and its suppliers continued to work on the decarbonization of the aluminium supply chain for all of their production operations in europe.  at least one third of the primary aluminium that will be used for new electric models in europe is to be produced using energy from renewable sources. in secondary material targets were defined for mercedesbenz cars and mercedesbenz vans and these were then firmly incorporated into the requirements for contract awards.  in the reporting year the company carried out a model seriesspecific analysis at component level in order to realize further potential for increasing secondary materials.  project milestones and the status of projects with regard to the use of secondary materials are presented on a quarterly basis in the executive bodies for the various model series

Score 0.453
the goal here is to prevent minimize or if possible put a stop to any negative effects on human rights worldwide.  the rss define the minimum requirements for suppliers.  they are already used as a basis for the tendering process for suppliers of production materials.  the rss require direct suppliers to communicate the rss provisions to their own employees and to their direct suppliers and ensure that the rss are complied with in their business processes and in the areas in which they exert an influence.  suppliers are to conserve natural resources and avoid environmental damage repair any damage that does occur and compensate for such damage that cannot be avoided or repaired

Score 0.453
b.  taxonomy noneligible activities operating expenditure of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio.  the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report.  description y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective

Score 0.453
.  with regard to car manufacturer in particular and as an example the document shows that the activity manufacture of lowcarbon vehicles also includes vehicles with combustion engines.  for the mercedesbenz group this clarification by the european commission means that the manufacture of all group vehicles is to be classified as taxonomyeligible.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupeconomic activity .  relates to leasing and sales financing of all cars and vans purchased from third parties

Score 0.452
for economic activity .  the applicable requirements from the taxonomy regulation on noise vibration dust and pollutants must be complied with. protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems to demonstrate the requirements for economic activity .  ecologically sensitive or protected areas in the neighbourhood of sites are documented and taken into account as part of the internal environmental risk assessment environmental due diligence process.  furthermore environmental impact assessments or comparable audits outside the eu are carried out in the context of a new site or the extension of an existing site if legally required

Score 0.452
inventories inventories are comprised as shown in the following table.  inventories at december in millions of euros raw materials and manufacturing supplies work in progress finished goods spare parts and products held for resale advance payments to suppliers inventories increased compared to december due to the introduction of the direct sales model in additional markets and rampups in production due to new model years.  additionally the finished goods include on average more expensive vehicles.  the amount of writedown of inventories to net reali zable value recogniz ed as an expense in cost of sales was million in million .  the carrying amounts of inventories that are expected to be recovered or settled after more than twelve months amounted to million at december million and are related primarily to finished goods

Score 0.452
to this end the group seeks to continuously reduce overall waste including waste for disposal.  as it does so the mercedesbenz groups top priority is to prevent waste. in order to reduce total waste it is important to ensure transparency concerning the waste value streams and to correctly separate the various types of waste.  the mercedesbenz group generally works with licensed and regularly certified waste disposal companies to ensure the professional disposal of our waste materials in accordance with legal requirements.  furthermore it continues to reduce waste such as clippings sands filter media and slurries through the implementation of new or optimized production processes

Score 0.452
the rss define the minimum requirements for suppliers.  they are already used as a basis for the tendering process for suppliers of production materials.  the rss require direct suppliers to communicate the rss provisions to their own employees and to their direct suppliers and ensure that the rss are complied with in their business processes and in the areas in which they exert an influence.  suppliers are to conserve natural resources and avoid environmental damage repair any damage that does occur and compensate for such damage that cannot be avoided or repaired. measures in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain

Score 0.452
the mercedesbenz group generally works with licensed and regularly certified waste disposal companies to ensure the professional disposal of our waste materials in accordance with legal requirements.  furthermore it continues to reduce waste such as clippings sands filter media and slurries through the implementation of new or optimized production processes.  the mercedesbenz group also works with some suppliers in order to avoid waste.  for example load carriers and the materials used for securing loads and cargo are now where possible reused in a closed cycle as are steel barrels e. g

Score 0.452
in order to ensure efficient highquality and environmentally friendly manufacturing operations the group has established an environmental management system certified in accordance with iso at its production sites around the world.  all german manufacturing locations and the two european production sites in kecskemt hungary and vitoria spain have also been validated in accordance with emas.  in addition the german production sites have had energy management systems conforming to din en iso in place since and the group has these systems certified every three years.  the mercedesbenz group is currently also implementing iso systems at a number of individual sites outside germany for example in kecskemt in hungary jawor in poland and vitoria in spain.  in addition during the year under review the mercedesbenz group also moved ahead with the introduction on an international scale of energy management systems certified in accordance with iso

Score 0.451
contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz grouptransition to a circular economy with regard to economic activity .  the eu taxonomy regulation requires an assessment and if possible the application of measures that promote the transition to a circular economy including the use of secondary materials high durability of products and waste management in production.  when developing products the mercedesbenz group considers the concept of circular economy from the very start and has set itself the overarching goal of increasing its use of secondary materials in vehicles.  in addition the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  are taken into account through the implementation of the legal requirements on recyclability and reusability for passenger car models and light commercial vehicles

Score 0.451
according to article of the taxonomy regulation the taxonomyaligned proportions of revenue capital expenditure and operating expenditure accounted for by environmentally sustainable economic activities are to be reported on an annual basis.  taxonomyeligibilitytaxonomyeligibility is assessed in an initial step.  for an economic activity to be taxonomyeligible that activity must be mentioned and explained in further detail in the delegated acts for the taxonomy regulation.  the eu delegated acts commission delegated regulation eu and its supplement commission delegated regulation eu which was adopted by the european commission in june contain descriptions of relevant economic activities and technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation.  the supplement to the delegated regulation includes new technical screening criteria that refer to both the existing economic activities and to new economic activities

Score 0.451
the taxonomyeligible economic activity .  that encompasses the sale of secondhand goods which are purchased by the mercedesbenz group from third parties was identified on the basis of the descriptions in the delegated act relating to the transition to a circular economy.  for the reporting year simplified reporting obligations apply for economic activities newly introduced by the delegated acts.  these stipulate that only reporting in relation to taxonomyeligibility is required.  the mercedesbenz group reports economic activity

Score 0.45
turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities revenue of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio

Score 0.45
for this reason the mercedesbenz group is working continuously to make production more efficient and more environmentally compatible.  in order to improve its environmental footprint in production operations the group has set reduction targets for energy water and waste at all of its production sites worldwide. in order to achieve its goals the group uses groupwide resource management with its environmental and energy management systems to ensure that appropriate measures are developed adapted to challenges where necessary and monitored. in order to ensure efficient highquality and environmentally friendly manufacturing operations the group has established an environmental management system certified in accordance with iso at its production sites around the world.  all german manufacturing locations and the two european production sites in kecskemt hungary and vitoria spain have also been validated in accordance with emas

Score 0.45
these stipulate that only reporting in relation to taxonomyeligibility is required.  the mercedesbenz group reports economic activity .  as taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable.  an assessment of taxonomyalignment has not been carried out. the individual economic activities are additionally to be classified according to enabling activities and transitional activities

Score 0.45
el nel nel nel nel nel freight transport services by road ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel sale of secondhand goods ce .  nel nel nel el nel nelrevenue from taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned a.  a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.45
operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities operating expenditure of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio

Score 0.449
encompasses leasing and financing of lowcarbon commercial vehicles economic activity .  encompasses infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport charging infrastructurein a commission notice c published by the european commission on october the commission stated that the term lowcarbon only relates to the assessment of taxonomyalignment within the framework of the technical screening criteria and is not relevant for reporting on the taxonomyeligible economic activity . .  with regard to car manufacturer in particular and as an example the document shows that the activity manufacture of lowcarbon vehicles also includes vehicles with combustion engines.  for the mercedesbenz group this clarification by the european commission means that the manufacture of all group vehicles is to be classified as taxonomyeligible

Score 0.449
a transitional activity in contrast is an economic activity for which there is no technological and economically feasible lowcarbon alternative but which makes a substantial contribution to climate change mitigation by supporting the transition to a climateneutral economy. taxonomyalignmentin a further step taxonomyalignment must be assessed for taxonomyeligible economic activities.  only taxonomyeligible activities can be considered as environmentally sustainable activities or as being taxonomyaligned provided they meet certain technical screening criteria.  here the fulfilment of certain technical screening criteria with regard to the relevant economic activities must make a substantial contribution to an environmental objective defined by the taxonomy regulation and on the basis of defined do no significant harm criteria dnsh criteria also exclude the possibility of significant interference with another environmental objective.  it must also be ensured that minimum standards are met with regard to issues such as upholding human rights or combating corruption minimum safeguards

Score 0.448
a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities revenue of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution

Score 0.448
they are already used as a basis for the tendering process for suppliers of production materials.  the rss require direct suppliers to communicate the rss provisions to their own employees and to their direct suppliers and ensure that the rss are complied with in their business processes and in the areas in which they exert an influence.  suppliers are to conserve natural resources and avoid environmental damage repair any damage that does occur and compensate for such damage that cannot be avoided or repaired. measures in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain.  this includes training preventive and corrective measures risk analyses documentation for tracking and reporting purposes and effectiveness checks

Score 0.448
for the reporting year simplified reporting obligations apply for economic activities newly introduced by the delegated acts.  these stipulate that only reporting in relation to taxonomyeligibility is required.  the mercedesbenz group reports economic activity .  as taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable.  an assessment of taxonomyalignment has not been carried out