Scores_e_WATER SUPPLY; SEWERAGE, WASTE MANAGEMENT AND REMEDIATION ACTIVITIESScore 0.604
waste management is also a component of the groups internal environmental risk assessment. for economic activity .  the applicable dnsh criteria were analysed and checked for adherence.  this includes the verification of the recycling or disposal of waste generated during construction and demolition. pollution prevention and control with regard to the dnsh criteria for economic activity

Score 0.592
to this end the group seeks to continuously reduce overall waste including waste for disposal.  as it does so the mercedesbenz groups top priority is to prevent waste. in order to reduce total waste it is important to ensure transparency concerning the waste value streams and to correctly separate the various types of waste.  the mercedesbenz group generally works with licensed and regularly certified waste disposal companies to ensure the professional disposal of our waste materials in accordance with legal requirements.  furthermore it continues to reduce waste such as clippings sands filter media and slurries through the implementation of new or optimized production processes

Score 0.578
the goal here is to employ a closed cycle to largely replace the fresh water used in production with treated municipal wastewater.  for years now the mercedesbenz group has been using its own accounting method which focuses in particular on fresh water to monitor and assess its water consumption.  on this account water consumption per vehicle at mercedesbenz cars decreased as compared to .  mercedesbenz vans was able to reduce water consumption per vehicle by compared to the previous year. less wastethe goal of the mercedesbenz group is to keep the waste volumes generated in its production operations as low as possible

Score 0.555
in order to reduce total waste it is important to ensure transparency concerning the waste value streams and to correctly separate the various types of waste.  the mercedesbenz group generally works with licensed and regularly certified waste disposal companies to ensure the professional disposal of our waste materials in accordance with legal requirements.  furthermore it continues to reduce waste such as clippings sands filter media and slurries through the implementation of new or optimized production processes.  the mercedesbenz group also works with some suppliers in order to avoid waste.  for example load carriers and the materials used for securing loads and cargo are now where possible reused in a closed cycle as are steel barrels e

Score 0.547
less wastethe goal of the mercedesbenz group is to keep the waste volumes generated in its production operations as low as possible.  to this end the group seeks to continuously reduce overall waste including waste for disposal.  as it does so the mercedesbenz groups top priority is to prevent waste. in order to reduce total waste it is important to ensure transparency concerning the waste value streams and to correctly separate the various types of waste.  the mercedesbenz group generally works with licensed and regularly certified waste disposal companies to ensure the professional disposal of our waste materials in accordance with legal requirements

Score 0.542
the mercedesbenz group is intensifying its efforts to use lower volumes of raw materials and other materials in its production operations.  in accordance with the waste hierarchy the companys primary goal is to avoid waste.  for its own production sites worldwide the mercedesbenz group has set reduction targets for factors such as total waste volume and waste volume for disposal per vehicle.  waste management is also a component of the groups internal environmental risk assessment. for economic activity

Score 0.541
in accordance with the waste hierarchy the companys primary goal is to avoid waste.  for its own production sites worldwide the mercedesbenz group has set reduction targets for factors such as total waste volume and waste volume for disposal per vehicle.  waste management is also a component of the groups internal environmental risk assessment. for economic activity .  the applicable dnsh criteria were analysed and checked for adherence

Score 0.539
as it does so the mercedesbenz groups top priority is to prevent waste. in order to reduce total waste it is important to ensure transparency concerning the waste value streams and to correctly separate the various types of waste.  the mercedesbenz group generally works with licensed and regularly certified waste disposal companies to ensure the professional disposal of our waste materials in accordance with legal requirements.  furthermore it continues to reduce waste such as clippings sands filter media and slurries through the implementation of new or optimized production processes.  the mercedesbenz group also works with some suppliers in order to avoid waste

Score 0.536
for its own production sites worldwide the mercedesbenz group has set reduction targets for factors such as total waste volume and waste volume for disposal per vehicle.  waste management is also a component of the groups internal environmental risk assessment. for economic activity .  the applicable dnsh criteria were analysed and checked for adherence.  this includes the verification of the recycling or disposal of waste generated during construction and demolition

Score 0.529
as part of the internal environmental risk assessment consolidated production sites are evaluated according to a number of factors including those relating to water quality in a fiveyear cycle.  recommendations for minimizing risks are then drawn up prioritized and tracked.  the group also uses external data sources to identify sites that harbour potential risks relating to water scarcity.  with regard to economic activity .  the analysis shall assess that the use of the charging infrastructure does not give rise to any significant risk to the water quality and the water scarcity corresponding to the dnsh criteria

Score 0.527
for economic activity .  the applicable dnsh criteria were analysed and checked for adherence.  this includes the verification of the recycling or disposal of waste generated during construction and demolition. pollution prevention and control with regard to the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  under appendix c annex i of the delegated act of the eu delegated regulation eu the taxonomy regulation refers to the concept of avoiding the manufacturing placing on the market or use of restricted and reportable substances subject to current european legislation on chemicals

Score 0.525
for years now the mercedesbenz group has been using its own accounting method which focuses in particular on fresh water to monitor and assess its water consumption.  on this account water consumption per vehicle at mercedesbenz cars decreased as compared to .  mercedesbenz vans was able to reduce water consumption per vehicle by compared to the previous year. less wastethe goal of the mercedesbenz group is to keep the waste volumes generated in its production operations as low as possible.  to this end the group seeks to continuously reduce overall waste including waste for disposal

Score 0.524
the applicable dnsh criteria were analysed and checked for adherence.  this includes the verification of the recycling or disposal of waste generated during construction and demolition. pollution prevention and control with regard to the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  under appendix c annex i of the delegated act of the eu delegated regulation eu the taxonomy regulation refers to the concept of avoiding the manufacturing placing on the market or use of restricted and reportable substances subject to current european legislation on chemicals.  the implementation of internal processes for specification approval and control is intended to ensure compliance with european regulations according to appendix c and respective national legislations

Score 0.518
y nel nel nel nel nel y y eoperating expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  a

Score 0.517
sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources with regard to economic activity .  fulfilment of the dnsh criteria according to the taxonomy regulation is intended to be ensured mainly on the basis of established environmental management systems and the internal environmental risk assessment environmental due diligence process.  the company has established environmental management systems at its own production sites around the world in accordance with iso .  in addition all german and the two european manufacturing locations in kecskemet hungary and vitoria spain have also been validated in accordance with emas.  as part of the internal environmental risk assessment consolidated production sites are evaluated according to a number of factors including those relating to water quality in a fiveyear cycle

Score 0.515
the group launched an initial project in this area in sindelfingen germany in june in cooperation with the municipal wastewater management and disposal company.  the goal here is to employ a closed cycle to largely replace the fresh water used in production with treated municipal wastewater.  for years now the mercedesbenz group has been using its own accounting method which focuses in particular on fresh water to monitor and assess its water consumption.  on this account water consumption per vehicle at mercedesbenz cars decreased as compared to .  mercedesbenz vans was able to reduce water consumption per vehicle by compared to the previous year

Score 0.514
y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  a.  operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.514
the mercedesbenz group generally works with licensed and regularly certified waste disposal companies to ensure the professional disposal of our waste materials in accordance with legal requirements.  furthermore it continues to reduce waste such as clippings sands filter media and slurries through the implementation of new or optimized production processes.  the mercedesbenz group also works with some suppliers in order to avoid waste.  for example load carriers and the materials used for securing loads and cargo are now where possible reused in a closed cycle as are steel barrels e. g

Score 0.513
operating expenditurecategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y eoperating expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta

Score 0.512
the mercedesbenz group reports economic activity .  as taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable.  an assessment of taxonomyalignment has not been carried out. the individual economic activities are additionally to be classified according to enabling activities and transitional activities.  an enabling activity is an economic activity that makes a substantial contribution to one or more environmental objectives by directly enabling further activities to also make a substantial contribution

Score 0.511
for example load carriers and the materials used for securing loads and cargo are now where possible reused in a closed cycle as are steel barrels e. g.  for thermal conductive paste adhesives and lubricants. in the reporting year mercedesbenz cars reduced the total amount of waste per vehicle by and the amount of waste for disposal per vehicle by compared to .  at mercedesbenz vans total waste per vehicle increased by as compared to while waste volume for disposal per vehicle fell by during the reporting year

Score 0.509
taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  a.  operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a

Score 0.507
efficient water utilizationthe mercedesbenz group developed the storm water protection pollutant discharge elimination standard all the way back in so that its sites could initiate targeted water protection measures.  it contains guidelines on how rainwater management at production sites branches and workshops can prevent and reduce potential pollution from previously contaminated rainwater.  in the mercedesbenz group adopted a water policy so that it might continue to effectively contribute to the creation of a more sustainable water management system.  in addition the group set itself the goal of no longer using drinking water in production operations at any mercedesbenz manufacturing locations worldwide.  in order to further minimize fresh the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report

Score 0.504
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y eoperating expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.503
the main disposals are described in the following sections.  structured entities the structured entities of the group are mainly assetbackedsecurities abs companies and special funds.  the abs companies are primarily used for the groups refinancing.  the receivables transferred to structured entities usually result from the leasing and salesfinancing business.  those entities refinance the purchase price by issuing securities

Score 0.499
and .  forms the basis for considering the taxonomycompliant shares.  with regard to economic activity .  the reductions due to the dnsh requirements of the environmental objective pollution prevention and control were taken into account in the taxonomyalignment of revenues and investments. fulfilment of minimum safeguards an economic activity can only be classified as environmentally sustainable within the meaning of the taxonomy if it is also conducted in accordance with certain minimum standards that are based on international frameworks

Score 0.499
turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities revenue of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio

Score 0.498
operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities operating expenditure of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio

Score 0.498
in the table operating expenditure the taxonomyeligible operating expenditure is considered in relation to the relevant operating expenditure of the group. the operating expenditures to be taken into account in the denominator correspond to a figure that was exclusively calculated within the framework of taxonomy reporting as they are elements of the individual functional costs.  these operating expenditures include noncapitalized research and development costs and costs arising from shortterm leasing agreements.  in addition according to the delegated act relating to article of the taxonomy regulation expenditure from the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report. building renovation measures and certain maintenance and repair expenses basically labour and material costs as well as purchased services relating to property plant and equipment are included

Score 0.497
y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel freight transport services by road ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel sale of secondhand goods ce

Score 0.496
or taxonomyeligible a.  operating expenditurecategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y eoperating expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.491
el nel nel nel nel nel freight transport services by road ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel sale of secondhand goods ce .  nel nel nel el nel nelrevenue from taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned a.  a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.491
taxonomy noneligible activities operating expenditure of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio.  the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report.  description y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  description el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective

Score 0.49
taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel freight transport services by road ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel sale of secondhand goods ce .  nel nel nel el nel nelrevenue from taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.49
it contains guidelines on how rainwater management at production sites branches and workshops can prevent and reduce potential pollution from previously contaminated rainwater.  in the mercedesbenz group adopted a water policy so that it might continue to effectively contribute to the creation of a more sustainable water management system.  in addition the group set itself the goal of no longer using drinking water in production operations at any mercedesbenz manufacturing locations worldwide.  in order to further minimize fresh the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report.  in addition to the production sites of the consolidated subsidiaries the production sites of the following nonconsolidated subsidiaries are included star transmission srl cugir romania starkom proizvodnja in trgovina d

Score 0.49
fulfilment of the dnsh criteria according to the taxonomy regulation is intended to be ensured mainly on the basis of established environmental management systems and the internal environmental risk assessment environmental due diligence process.  the company has established environmental management systems at its own production sites around the world in accordance with iso .  in addition all german and the two european manufacturing locations in kecskemet hungary and vitoria spain have also been validated in accordance with emas.  as part of the internal environmental risk assessment consolidated production sites are evaluated according to a number of factors including those relating to water quality in a fiveyear cycle.  recommendations for minimizing risks are then drawn up prioritized and tracked

Score 0.49
protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems to demonstrate the requirements for economic activity .  ecologically sensitive or protected areas in the neighbourhood of sites are documented and taken into account as part of the internal environmental risk assessment environmental due diligence process.  furthermore environmental impact assessments or comparable audits outside the eu are carried out in the context of a new site or the extension of an existing site if legally required.  in addition the group has established environmental management systems in accordance with iso at its production sites. during the reporting year an environmental impact assessment was not required for the charging infrastructure economic activity

Score 0.488
the operating expenditures to be taken into account in the denominator correspond to a figure that was exclusively calculated within the framework of taxonomy reporting as they are elements of the individual functional costs.  these operating expenditures include noncapitalized research and development costs and costs arising from shortterm leasing agreements.  in addition according to the delegated act relating to article of the taxonomy regulation expenditure from the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report. building renovation measures and certain maintenance and repair expenses basically labour and material costs as well as purchased services relating to property plant and equipment are included.  these components of the relevant operating expenditures were collected exclusively from the manufacturing companies on the basis of materiality considerations

Score 0.487
nel nel nel el nel nelrevenue from taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned a.  a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b

Score 0.486
el nel nel nel nel nel operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  a.  operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b

Score 0.485
taxonomy noneligible activities revenue of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio.  the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report.  an exception to this is the total total a b which was audited with reasonable assurance as a group key figure.  description y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective

Score 0.481
b.  taxonomy noneligible activities operating expenditure of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio.  the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report.  description y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective

Score 0.478
taxonomy noneligible activities capital expenditure of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio.  the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report.  an exception to this is the total total a b which was audited with reasonable assurance as a group key figure.  description y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective

Score 0.478
are taken into account through the implementation of the legal requirements on recyclability and reusability for passenger car models and light commercial vehicles. the mercedesbenz group is intensifying its efforts to use lower volumes of raw materials and other materials in its production operations.  in accordance with the waste hierarchy the companys primary goal is to avoid waste.  for its own production sites worldwide the mercedesbenz group has set reduction targets for factors such as total waste volume and waste volume for disposal per vehicle.  waste management is also a component of the groups internal environmental risk assessment

Score 0.477
el nel nel nel nel nel sale of secondhand goods ce .  nel nel nel el nel nelrevenue from taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned a.  a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a

Score 0.475
the applicable requirements from the taxonomy regulation on noise vibration dust and pollutants must be complied with. protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems to demonstrate the requirements for economic activity .  ecologically sensitive or protected areas in the neighbourhood of sites are documented and taken into account as part of the internal environmental risk assessment environmental due diligence process.  furthermore environmental impact assessments or comparable audits outside the eu are carried out in the context of a new site or the extension of an existing site if legally required.  in addition the group has established environmental management systems in accordance with iso at its production sites

Score 0.475
in addition the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  are taken into account through the implementation of the legal requirements on recyclability and reusability for passenger car models and light commercial vehicles. the mercedesbenz group is intensifying its efforts to use lower volumes of raw materials and other materials in its production operations.  in accordance with the waste hierarchy the companys primary goal is to avoid waste.  for its own production sites worldwide the mercedesbenz group has set reduction targets for factors such as total waste volume and waste volume for disposal per vehicle

Score 0.474
an assessment of taxonomyalignment has not been carried out. the individual economic activities are additionally to be classified according to enabling activities and transitional activities.  an enabling activity is an economic activity that makes a substantial contribution to one or more environmental objectives by directly enabling further activities to also make a substantial contribution.  at the mercedesbenz group this mostly applies to the economic activities .  and

Score 0.473
y nel nel nel nel nel y y ecapital expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el el nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel capital expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.472
as taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable.  an assessment of taxonomyalignment has not been carried out. the individual economic activities are additionally to be classified according to enabling activities and transitional activities.  an enabling activity is an economic activity that makes a substantial contribution to one or more environmental objectives by directly enabling further activities to also make a substantial contribution.  at the mercedesbenz group this mostly applies to the economic activities

Score 0.472
acquisition or manufacturing costs include the estimated costs if any of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site as well as borrowing costs.  depreciable property plant and equipment are written down by scheduled depreciation over the corresponding useful life generally on a straightline basis.  the useful lives of property plant and equipment are shown in the following table.  useful lives of property plant and equipment buildings and site improvements to years technical equipment and machinery to years other equipment factory and office equipment to years leasing leases include all contracts that transfer the right to use a specified asset for a stated period of time in exchange for consideration even if the transfer of the right to use such asset is not explicitly described in the contract.  the group is a lessee mainly of real estate properties and a lessor of its products

Score 0.472
a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities revenue of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution

Score 0.471
with regard to economic activity .  the reductions due to the dnsh requirements of the environmental objective pollution prevention and control were taken into account in the taxonomyalignment of revenues and investments. fulfilment of minimum safeguards an economic activity can only be classified as environmentally sustainable within the meaning of the taxonomy if it is also conducted in accordance with certain minimum standards that are based on international frameworks.  here article of the taxonomy regulation references the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights including the basic principles and rights from the eight core conventions defined in the international labour organizations declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work and the international bill of human rights.  the taxonomy regulation itself does not further specify the standards

Score 0.471
furthermore it continues to reduce waste such as clippings sands filter media and slurries through the implementation of new or optimized production processes.  the mercedesbenz group also works with some suppliers in order to avoid waste.  for example load carriers and the materials used for securing loads and cargo are now where possible reused in a closed cycle as are steel barrels e. g.  for thermal conductive paste adhesives and lubricants

Score 0.47
on this account water consumption per vehicle at mercedesbenz cars decreased as compared to .  mercedesbenz vans was able to reduce water consumption per vehicle by compared to the previous year. less wastethe goal of the mercedesbenz group is to keep the waste volumes generated in its production operations as low as possible.  to this end the group seeks to continuously reduce overall waste including waste for disposal.  as it does so the mercedesbenz groups top priority is to prevent waste

Score 0.47
the company has established environmental management systems at its own production sites around the world in accordance with iso .  in addition all german and the two european manufacturing locations in kecskemet hungary and vitoria spain have also been validated in accordance with emas.  as part of the internal environmental risk assessment consolidated production sites are evaluated according to a number of factors including those relating to water quality in a fiveyear cycle.  recommendations for minimizing risks are then drawn up prioritized and tracked.  the group also uses external data sources to identify sites that harbour potential risks relating to water scarcity

Score 0.469
b.  taxonomy noneligible activities revenue of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio.  the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report.  an exception to this is the total total a b which was audited with reasonable assurance as a group key figure

Score 0.469
ecologically sensitive or protected areas in the neighbourhood of sites are documented and taken into account as part of the internal environmental risk assessment environmental due diligence process.  furthermore environmental impact assessments or comparable audits outside the eu are carried out in the context of a new site or the extension of an existing site if legally required.  in addition the group has established environmental management systems in accordance with iso at its production sites. during the reporting year an environmental impact assessment was not required for the charging infrastructure economic activity .  that was put into operation

Score 0.468
this includes the verification of the recycling or disposal of waste generated during construction and demolition. pollution prevention and control with regard to the dnsh criteria for economic activity .  under appendix c annex i of the delegated act of the eu delegated regulation eu the taxonomy regulation refers to the concept of avoiding the manufacturing placing on the market or use of restricted and reportable substances subject to current european legislation on chemicals.  the implementation of internal processes for specification approval and control is intended to ensure compliance with european regulations according to appendix c and respective national legislations.  the global automotive declarable substance list gadsl forms the basis for the prohibition and declaration requirement of substances in mercedesbenz products

Score 0.468
if necessary accumulated impairment losses are recognized.  the costs of internally produced equipment and facilities include all direct costs and allocable overheads.  acquisition or manufacturing costs include the estimated costs if any of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site as well as borrowing costs.  depreciable property plant and equipment are written down by scheduled depreciation over the corresponding useful life generally on a straightline basis.  the useful lives of property plant and equipment are shown in the following table

Score 0.468
or taxonomyeligible a.  capital expenditure category enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y n nel nel nel nel y y etransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm

Score 0.466
capital expenditure of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities capital expenditure of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio

Score 0.465
a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities operating expenditure of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio.  the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report

Score 0.464
taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y eoperating expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm

Score 0.462
b.  taxonomy noneligible activities capital expenditure of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio.  the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report.  an exception to this is the total total a b which was audited with reasonable assurance as a group key figure

Score 0.462
a breakdown of the dnsh criteria has not been provided here as activities may only be designated as taxonomyaligned when any significant effect on the other environmental objectives has been ruled out.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupthe following table shows the scope of the taxonomyeligibility and the taxonomyalignment for the operating expenditure by environmental objectiveproportion of operating expendituretotal operating expenditure taxonomyalignment per objectivetaxonomyeligibility per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio taxonomyeligibility of operating expenditure for the share of taxonomyeligible operating expenditure under a.  in the table operating expenditure the taxonomyeligible operating expenditure is considered in relation to the relevant operating expenditure of the group. the operating expenditures to be taken into account in the denominator correspond to a figure that was exclusively calculated within the framework of taxonomy reporting as they are elements of the individual functional costs.  these operating expenditures include noncapitalized research and development costs and costs arising from shortterm leasing agreements

Score 0.461
mercedesbenz vans was able to reduce water consumption per vehicle by compared to the previous year. less wastethe goal of the mercedesbenz group is to keep the waste volumes generated in its production operations as low as possible.  to this end the group seeks to continuously reduce overall waste including waste for disposal.  as it does so the mercedesbenz groups top priority is to prevent waste. in order to reduce total waste it is important to ensure transparency concerning the waste value streams and to correctly separate the various types of waste

Score 0.461
y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el el nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel capital expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  a

Score 0.458
capital expenditure category enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y n nel nel nel nel y y etransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport ccm

Score 0.458
description el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  a breakdown of the dnsh criteria has not been provided here as activities may only be designated as taxonomyaligned when any significant effect on the other environmental objectives has been ruled out.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupthe following table shows the scope of the taxonomyeligibility and the taxonomyalignment for the operating expenditure by environmental objectiveproportion of operating expendituretotal operating expenditure taxonomyalignment per objectivetaxonomyeligibility per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio taxonomyeligibility of operating expenditure for the share of taxonomyeligible operating expenditure under a.  in the table operating expenditure the taxonomyeligible operating expenditure is considered in relation to the relevant operating expenditure of the group. the operating expenditures to be taken into account in the denominator correspond to a figure that was exclusively calculated within the framework of taxonomy reporting as they are elements of the individual functional costs

Score 0.458
climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio.  the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report.  description y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  description el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  a breakdown of the dnsh criteria has not been provided here as activities may only be designated as taxonomyaligned when any significant effect on the other environmental objectives has been ruled out

Score 0.458
the costs of internally produced equipment and facilities include all direct costs and allocable overheads.  acquisition or manufacturing costs include the estimated costs if any of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site as well as borrowing costs.  depreciable property plant and equipment are written down by scheduled depreciation over the corresponding useful life generally on a straightline basis.  the useful lives of property plant and equipment are shown in the following table.  useful lives of property plant and equipment buildings and site improvements to years technical equipment and machinery to years other equipment factory and office equipment to years leasing leases include all contracts that transfer the right to use a specified asset for a stated period of time in exchange for consideration even if the transfer of the right to use such asset is not explicitly described in the contract

Score 0.457
a.  operating expenditure of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities operating expenditure of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution

Score 0.455
gains or losses to be eliminated from transactions with companies accounted for using the equity method are recognized through profit and loss with corresponding adjustments of the investments carrying amounts.  gains or losses from the contribution of interests in subsidiaries to investments which are measured using the equity method are also subject to elimination adjustments to the carrying amount of the investment.  noncurrent assets and disposal groups held for sale the group classifies non current assets or disposal groups as held for sale if the carrying amount will be recovered principally through an extremely likely sale transaction rather than through continuing use.  in this case the assets or disposal groups are no longer depreciated as planned but are measured at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.  immediately before classification as held for sale it is assessed if the assets are impaired based on the applicable individual regulations

Score 0.455
as a result of the implementation of these and other energy efficiency measures energy consumption incl.  electricity natural gas district heat heating oil and liquefied petroleum gas per vehicle at mercedesbenz cars in the reporting year was lower than in .  due to similar effects energy consumption per vehicle at mercedesbenz vans fell by compared to the previous year. efficient water utilizationthe mercedesbenz group developed the storm water protection pollutant discharge elimination standard all the way back in so that its sites could initiate targeted water protection measures.  it contains guidelines on how rainwater management at production sites branches and workshops can prevent and reduce potential pollution from previously contaminated rainwater

Score 0.454
el nel nel nel nel nel capital expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  a.  capital expenditure of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  b

Score 0.454
taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el el nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel capital expenditure of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  a.  capital expenditure of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.454
or taxonomy eligible a.  revenuecategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y etransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm

Score 0.452
a breakdown of the dnsh criteria has not been provided here as activities may only be designated as taxonomyaligned when any significant effect on the other environmental objectives has been ruled out.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupcharging stations or the sale of second handgoods which were purchased from third parties by the mercedesbenz group.  this applies to almost all of the revenue generated by the mercedesbenz group.  in the previous year the revenues from the sale of secondhand goods which mercedesbenz group purchased from third parties were assigned to the revenue from taxonomy noneligible activities.  since the reporting year this revenue has been assigned to the economic activity

Score 0.451
a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities revenue of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio.  the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report

Score 0.45
the mercedesbenz group also works with some suppliers in order to avoid waste.  for example load carriers and the materials used for securing loads and cargo are now where possible reused in a closed cycle as are steel barrels e. g.  for thermal conductive paste adhesives and lubricants. in the reporting year mercedesbenz cars reduced the total amount of waste per vehicle by and the amount of waste for disposal per vehicle by compared to

Score 0.45
in order to improve its environmental footprint in production operations the group has set reduction targets for energy water and waste at all of its production sites worldwide. in order to achieve its goals the group uses groupwide resource management with its environmental and energy management systems to ensure that appropriate measures are developed adapted to challenges where necessary and monitored. in order to ensure efficient highquality and environmentally friendly manufacturing operations the group has established an environmental management system certified in accordance with iso at its production sites around the world.  all german manufacturing locations and the two european production sites in kecskemt hungary and vitoria spain have also been validated in accordance with emas.  in addition the german production sites have had energy management systems conforming to din en iso in place since and the group has these systems certified every three years

Score 0.45
for economic activity .  the applicable requirements from the taxonomy regulation on noise vibration dust and pollutants must be complied with. protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems to demonstrate the requirements for economic activity .  ecologically sensitive or protected areas in the neighbourhood of sites are documented and taken into account as part of the internal environmental risk assessment environmental due diligence process.  furthermore environmental impact assessments or comparable audits outside the eu are carried out in the context of a new site or the extension of an existing site if legally required

Score 0.45
property plant and equipment property plant and equipment are measured at acquisition or manufacturing costs less accumulated depreciation.  if necessary accumulated impairment losses are recognized.  the costs of internally produced equipment and facilities include all direct costs and allocable overheads.  acquisition or manufacturing costs include the estimated costs if any of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site as well as borrowing costs.  depreciable property plant and equipment are written down by scheduled depreciation over the corresponding useful life generally on a straightline basis

Score 0.449
taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y etransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport ccm .

Score 0.447
taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y n nel nel nel nel y y etransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y ecapital expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.447
monitoring and advisory activities also relate to sustainability issues.  at regular intervals the supervisory board discusses business development the situation of the company and planning and strategy including the sustainability strategy and its implementation.  the supervisory board also reviews and discusses the internal control and risk management system and monitors compliance with statutory provisions official regulations and internal policies within the company.  the supervisory board has also specified in more detail the information and reporting duties of the board of management visvis the supervisory board the audit committee and between meetings of the supervisory board visvis the chairman of the supervisory board.  the supervisory board has reserved the right of approval for transactions of fundamental importance

Score 0.446
the group also uses external data sources to identify sites that harbour potential risks relating to water scarcity.  with regard to economic activity .  the analysis shall assess that the use of the charging infrastructure does not give rise to any significant risk to the water quality and the water scarcity corresponding to the dnsh criteria.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz grouptransition to a circular economy with regard to economic activity .  the eu taxonomy regulation requires an assessment and if possible the application of measures that promote the transition to a circular economy including the use of secondary materials high durability of products and waste management in production

Score 0.445
in this case the assets or disposal groups are no longer depreciated as planned but are measured at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.  immediately before classification as held for sale it is assessed if the assets are impaired based on the applicable individual regulations.  if fair value less costs to sell subsequently increases any impairment loss previously recognized is reversed.  this reversal is restricted to the impairment loss previously recognized for the assets or disposal group concerned.  inventories inventories are measured at the lower of acquisition or manufacturing cost and net realizable value

Score 0.444
description y yes taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective n no taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective nel not eligible taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  description el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  a breakdown of the dnsh criteria has not been provided here as activities may only be designated as taxonomyaligned when any significant effect on the other environmental objectives has been ruled out.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupthe following table shows the scope of the taxonomyeligibility and the taxonomyalignment for the operating expenditure by environmental objectiveproportion of operating expendituretotal operating expenditure taxonomyalignment per objectivetaxonomyeligibility per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio taxonomyeligibility of operating expenditure for the share of taxonomyeligible operating expenditure under a.  in the table operating expenditure the taxonomyeligible operating expenditure is considered in relation to the relevant operating expenditure of the group

Score 0.444
noncurrent assets and disposal groups held for sale the group classifies non current assets or disposal groups as held for sale if the carrying amount will be recovered principally through an extremely likely sale transaction rather than through continuing use.  in this case the assets or disposal groups are no longer depreciated as planned but are measured at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.  immediately before classification as held for sale it is assessed if the assets are impaired based on the applicable individual regulations.  if fair value less costs to sell subsequently increases any impairment loss previously recognized is reversed.  this reversal is restricted to the impairment loss previously recognized for the assets or disposal group concerned

Score 0.443
measures in the supply chainthe mercedesbenz group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain.  this includes training preventive and corrective measures risk analyses documentation for tracking and reporting purposes and effectiveness checks.  the mercedesbenz group uses these tools in order to increase the transparency of the supply chain and ensures that the internationally recognized human rights are upheld by business partners as well and that other social standards and environmental requirements are met.  the procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here.  further information in the chapters social compliance and environmental issues

Score 0.443
the useful lives of property plant and equipment are shown in the following table.  useful lives of property plant and equipment buildings and site improvements to years technical equipment and machinery to years other equipment factory and office equipment to years leasing leases include all contracts that transfer the right to use a specified asset for a stated period of time in exchange for consideration even if the transfer of the right to use such asset is not explicitly described in the contract.  the group is a lessee mainly of real estate properties and a lessor of its products.  the mercedes benz group as lessee the mercedesbenz group as a lessee recognizes for generally all lease contracts rightofuse assets as well as leasing liabilities for the outstanding lease payments.  variable lease payments that are not included in the initial recognition of the rightofuse asset are recognized as an expense for the period

Score 0.443
a.  b.  taxonomy noneligible activities capital expenditure of taxonomy noneligible activities total a b the code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution.  climate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc biodiversity and ecosystems bio.  the key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report

Score 0.441
forms the basis for considering the taxonomycompliant shares.  with regard to economic activity .  the reductions due to the dnsh requirements of the environmental objective pollution prevention and control were taken into account in the taxonomyalignment of revenues and investments. fulfilment of minimum safeguards an economic activity can only be classified as environmentally sustainable within the meaning of the taxonomy if it is also conducted in accordance with certain minimum standards that are based on international frameworks.  here article of the taxonomy regulation references the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights including the basic principles and rights from the eight core conventions defined in the international labour organizations declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work and the international bill of human rights

Score 0.441
description el eligible taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective nel not eligible taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.  a breakdown of the dnsh criteria has not been provided here as activities may only be designated as taxonomyaligned when any significant effect on the other environmental objectives has been ruled out.  contents to our shareholders combined management report corporate governance consolidated financial statements further information nonfinancial declarationannual report mercedesbenz groupcharging stations or the sale of second handgoods which were purchased from third parties by the mercedesbenz group.  this applies to almost all of the revenue generated by the mercedesbenz group.  in the previous year the revenues from the sale of secondhand goods which mercedesbenz group purchased from third parties were assigned to the revenue from taxonomy noneligible activities

Score 0.44
y nel nel nel nel nel y y erevenue from environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  y y of which enabling activity y y e of which transitional activity ta.  taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not taxonomyaligned activitiesel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelel nelmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nel freight transport services by road ccm

Score 0.44
a transitional activity in contrast is an economic activity for which there is no technological and economically feasible lowcarbon alternative but which makes a substantial contribution to climate change mitigation by supporting the transition to a climateneutral economy. taxonomyalignmentin a further step taxonomyalignment must be assessed for taxonomyeligible economic activities.  only taxonomyeligible activities can be considered as environmentally sustainable activities or as being taxonomyaligned provided they meet certain technical screening criteria.  here the fulfilment of certain technical screening criteria with regard to the relevant economic activities must make a substantial contribution to an environmental objective defined by the taxonomy regulation and on the basis of defined do no significant harm criteria dnsh criteria also exclude the possibility of significant interference with another environmental objective.  it must also be ensured that minimum standards are met with regard to issues such as upholding human rights or combating corruption minimum safeguards

Score 0.44
revenuecategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity in millions of euros in y n nely n nely n nely n nely n nely n nelyn yn in e ta.  taxonomyeligible activitiesa.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedmanufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y etransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  y nel nel nel nel nel y y infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport ccm

Score 0.439
in addition all german and the two european manufacturing locations in kecskemet hungary and vitoria spain have also been validated in accordance with emas.  as part of the internal environmental risk assessment consolidated production sites are evaluated according to a number of factors including those relating to water quality in a fiveyear cycle.  recommendations for minimizing risks are then drawn up prioritized and tracked.  the group also uses external data sources to identify sites that harbour potential risks relating to water scarcity.  with regard to economic activity