Scores_g_WHOLESALE AND RETAIL TRADE; REPAIR OF MOTOR VEHICLES AND MOTORCYCLESScore 0.603
this is mainly because unclear wording cont inues to be used in the regulations and notes on determining taxonomy eligibility and in particular taxonomy alignment as well as the calculations for key performance indicators for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure as they pertain t o the economic activities relevant for continental.  as a result these regulations and notes are still open to interpretation.  from continentals perspective there is also uncertainty about the interaction between the various regulations delegated acts and official answers to frequently asked questions.  furthermore the short implementation period granted by the delegated act published in means that many questions of interpretation related to implementation have not yet been conclusively clarified.  in interpreting the regulation we also take into consideration the assessments of industry associations in the supplier and automotive industries the reporting practices of european suppliers for and unofficial assessments by various experts

Score 0.588
no significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price as variable price components in line with expectations.  the customers do not usually make any significant advance payments.  revenue is recognized at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer taking into account the agreed incoterms.  there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component.  description of revenue in other business activities revenue in other business activities is included in the sales of the automotive originalequipment business in the sales of the industrial and replacement business and in other revenues

Score 0.58
.  of annex t o the delegated regulation on disclosure obligations and in compliance with ifrs accounting regulations see tables at the end of this nonfinancial statement.  the method of determination selected by continental ensures that double counting is avoided.  the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category .  and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.575
of annex t o the delegated regulation on disclosure obligations and in compliance with ifrs accounting regulations see tables at the end of this nonfinancial statement.  the method of determination selected by continental ensures that double counting is avoided.  the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category .  and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category .  resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year

Score 0.574
.  alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital .  in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year.  in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation.  continental still allocates these businesses to category

Score 0.569
.  finished goods and merchandise .  .  inventories .

Score 0.557
revenue is almost always recognized over time using an outputbased measurement method and sales revenue is measured based on the pr oducts that leave the production plant as the products are produced and delivered just in time.  there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warr anty commitments that include a service component.  continental ag annual report consolidated financial statements notes to the consolidated financial statements description of sales revenue in industrial and replacement business the type of performance obligations to customers in industrial and replacement business relates to the replacementtire and retail bus iness of the tires segment the industrial and retail business of the contitech segment and the replacementparts and retail business of the automotive and contract manufacturing segments please refer to the information provided on the group sectors in t he structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report.  invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms for most of the sales average days and differ mostly depending on the region andor product group.  payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases with the exception of business with end customers and consumers who often pay in cash or by card

Score 0.556
revenue is recognized at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer taking into account the agreed incoterms.  there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component.  description of revenue in other business activities revenue in other business activities is included in the sales of the automotive originalequipment business in the sales of the industrial and replacement business and in other revenues.  on the one hand services are provided and on the other project b usiness is conducted in which developments for customers are made goods produced or services provided over a mediumterm or longer period.  for this revenue there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimb ursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component

Score 0.555
the introduction of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category .

Score 0.55
the customers do not usually make any significant advance payments.  revenue is almost always recognized over time using an outputbased measurement method and sales revenue is measured based on the pr oducts that leave the production plant as the products are produced and delivered just in time.  there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warr anty commitments that include a service component.  continental ag annual report consolidated financial statements notes to the consolidated financial statements description of sales revenue in industrial and replacement business the type of performance obligations to customers in industrial and replacement business relates to the replacementtire and retail bus iness of the tires segment the industrial and retail business of the contitech segment and the replacementparts and retail business of the automotive and contract manufacturing segments please refer to the information provided on the group sectors in t he structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report.  invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms for most of the sales average days and differ mostly depending on the region andor product group

Score 0.549
finished goods and merchandise .  .  inventories .  .  writedowns recognized on inventories increased by

Score 0.549
in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation.  continental still allocates these businesses to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants.  for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art.  of the taxonomy regulation

Score 0.547
it is continentals opinion that this clarification for the purposes of taxonomy eligibility refers to the manufacture of tires of all kinds wi thout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies.  based on this clarification continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds w ithout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category . .  alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital .  in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year

Score 0.545
for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art.  of the taxonomy regulation .  the activities mentioned are not identified as taxonomyeligible under annex ii to the climate delegated act climate change adaptation.  all other economic activities of the continental group that are not included in the aforementioned economic activities have been classified as taxonomynoneligible for the reporting year.  accordingly continental currently has not allocated a ny economic activities to the other environmental objectives under annex i sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources annex ii transition to a circular economy annex iii pollution prevention and control or annex iv protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems

Score 0.545
in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year.  in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation.  continental still allocates these businesses to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants.  for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art

Score 0.543
there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warr anty commitments that include a service component.  continental ag annual report consolidated financial statements notes to the consolidated financial statements description of sales revenue in industrial and replacement business the type of performance obligations to customers in industrial and replacement business relates to the replacementtire and retail bus iness of the tires segment the industrial and retail business of the contitech segment and the replacementparts and retail business of the automotive and contract manufacturing segments please refer to the information provided on the group sectors in t he structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report.  invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms for most of the sales average days and differ mostly depending on the region andor product group.  payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases with the exception of business with end customers and consumers who often pay in cash or by card.  no significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price as variable price components in line with expectations

Score 0.543
for every performance obligation that in accordance with ifrs is distinct within the context of the contract the revenue recognition is determined to be at a point in time or to be satisfied over time.  multicomponent contracts that contain distinct performance obligations with different timing of revenue recognition are not currently material.  description of sales revenue in automotive originalequipment business the type of performance obligations to customers in automotive originalequipment business relates to the diverse and predominantly customerspecific products of the automotive contract manufacturing and contitech segments and the originalequipment business of the tires segment please r efer to the information provided on the group sectors in the structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report.  invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms average days and differ mostly dependin g on the region andor product group.  payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases

Score 0.541
manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category . .  continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category

Score 0.539
there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component.  description of revenue in other business activities revenue in other business activities is included in the sales of the automotive originalequipment business in the sales of the industrial and replacement business and in other revenues.  on the one hand services are provided and on the other project b usiness is conducted in which developments for customers are made goods produced or services provided over a mediumterm or longer period.  for this revenue there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimb ursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component.  the largest component of this revenue relates to revenue from research and development which is recognized at a point in time either when the entire development is completed or when identifiable milestones within a development are reached

Score 0.539
no significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price a s variable price components in line with expectations.  the customers do not usually make any significant advance payments.  revenue is almost always recognized over time using an outputbased measurement method and sales revenue is measured based on the pr oducts that leave the production plant as the products are produced and delivered just in time.  there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warr anty commitments that include a service component.  continental ag annual report consolidated financial statements notes to the consolidated financial statements description of sales revenue in industrial and replacement business the type of performance obligations to customers in industrial and replacement business relates to the replacementtire and retail bus iness of the tires segment the industrial and retail business of the contitech segment and the replacementparts and retail business of the automotive and contract manufacturing segments please refer to the information provided on the group sectors in t he structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report

Score 0.537
based on this clarification continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds w ithout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category . .  alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital .  in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year.  in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation

Score 0.535
depreciation and amortization include the scheduled diminution of and the impairment on intangible assets property plant and equipment capitalized rightofuse assets and investment properties as well as the impairment on goodwill.  this figure does not include impairment on financial investments.  noncash expensesincome mainly include additions to and reversals of pension and warranty provisions as well as provisions for litigation and environmental risks.  in the segment information broken down by country and region sales are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective customers in contrast capital expenditure and segment assets are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective companies.  viewed across all segments continental recorded sales totaling

Score 0.535
the method of determination selected by continental ensures that double counting is avoided.  the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category .  and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category .  resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year.  added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.535
in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category . .  continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category.  this class ification is based on the fact that from continentals perspective the activity designation does not entail any restrictions in terms of components for example in relation to function or drive system and the corresponding components parts and systems are intended for use in road vehicles.  the unclearly defined qualification characteristic criterion of activity

Score 0.533
manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category . .  continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category.  this class ification is based on the fact that from continentals perspective the activity designation does not entail any restrictions in terms of components for example in relation to function or drive system and the corresponding components parts and systems are intended for use in road vehicles

Score 0.532
this business was therefore classified under category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies of the delegated regulation for climate change mitigation eu annex i in the previous year since at the time no general regulations or specific upstream economic activities were provided for.  the introduction of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure

Score 0.53
items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss currency translation .  .  effects from currency translation .  .  reclassification adjustments to profit or loss

Score 0.528
the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category .  and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category .  resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year.  added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category .

Score 0.527
this figure does not include impairment on financial investments.  noncash expensesincome mainly include additions to and reversals of pension and warranty provisions as well as provisions for litigation and environmental risks.  in the segment information broken down by country and region sales are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective customers in contrast capital expenditure and segment assets are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective companies.  viewed across all segments continental recorded sales totaling .  million py

Score 0.527
otherwise the allocation would be performed using the adjusted market assessment approach or the approach of cost plus a margin.  for every performance obligation that in accordance with ifrs is distinct within the context of the contract the revenue recognition is determined to be at a point in time or to be satisfied over time.  multicomponent contracts that contain distinct performance obligations with different timing of revenue recognition are not currently material.  description of sales revenue in automotive originalequipment business the type of performance obligations to customers in automotive originalequipment business relates to the diverse and predominantly customerspecific products of the automotive contract manufacturing and contitech segments and the originalequipment business of the tires segment please r efer to the information provided on the group sectors in the structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report.  invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms average days and differ mostly dependin g on the region andor product group

Score 0.527
the allocation of the transaction price in the case of more than one performance obligation at hand would be performed by using observable prices if possible.  otherwise the allocation would be performed using the adjusted market assessment approach or the approach of cost plus a margin.  for every performance obligation that in accordance with ifrs is distinct within the context of the contract the revenue recognition is determined to be at a point in time or to be satisfied over time.  multicomponent contracts that contain distinct performance obligations with different timing of revenue recognition are not currently material.  description of sales revenue in automotive originalequipment business the type of performance obligations to customers in automotive originalequipment business relates to the diverse and predominantly customerspecific products of the automotive contract manufacturing and contitech segments and the originalequipment business of the tires segment please r efer to the information provided on the group sectors in the structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report

Score 0.526
the customers do not usually make any significant advance payments.  revenue is recognized at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer taking into account the agreed incoterms.  there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component.  description of revenue in other business activities revenue in other business activities is included in the sales of the automotive originalequipment business in the sales of the industrial and replacement business and in other revenues.  on the one hand services are provided and on the other project b usiness is conducted in which developments for customers are made goods produced or services provided over a mediumterm or longer period

Score 0.525
the continental group uses several programs for the sale of receivables.  when the risks and rewards of receivables in particular credit and default risks have mostly not been transferred the receivables are still recognized as asset s in the statement of financial position.  under the existing saleofreceivables programs the contractual rights to the receipt of payment inflows have been assigned to the corresponding contractual parties.  the transferred receivables have short remaini ng terms.  as a rule therefore the carrying amounts as at the reporting date in the amount of

Score 0.523
and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category .  resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year.  added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in addition various continental industrial businesses were reported as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.522
description of sales revenue in automotive originalequipment business the type of performance obligations to customers in automotive originalequipment business relates to the diverse and predominantly customerspecific products of the automotive contract manufacturing and contitech segments and the originalequipment business of the tires segment please r efer to the information provided on the group sectors in the structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report.  invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms average days and differ mostly dependin g on the region andor product group.  payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases.  no significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price a s variable price components in line with expectations.  the customers do not usually make any significant advance payments

Score 0.522
the breakdown of taxonomyeligible operating expenditure by category is shown in the table on page .  when determining the taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure for reasons of materiality the decision was made to forgo separate reporting of investments in individual measures and the acquisition of products from taxon omyeligible economic activities under category c as well as reporting of the resulting operating expenditure in the reporting year.  continental notes that from its perspective various interpretations with respect to the requirements concerning capital expenditure and operating expenditure particularly for category c and for operating expenditure more generally continue to result in uncertainty when determining taxonomyrelated information.  taxonomyaligned economic activities as in the previous year continental did not report any economic activities as being taxonomyaligned.  for all economic activities that are reported under category

Score 0.52
their performance is expressed as the return on sales adjusted ebit divided by adjusted sales and as the return on capital employed roce which represents ebit as a percentage of average operating assets.  intersegment sales and other proceeds are determined at arms length prices.  for administrative services performed by centrally operated companies or by the continental groups management costs are calculated on an arms length basis in l ine with utilization.  where direct allocation is not possible costs are assigned according to the services performed.  the segment assets comprise the operating assets of the assets side of the statement of financial position as at the end of the reporting period

Score 0.52
payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases.  no significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price a s variable price components in line with expectations.  the customers do not usually make any significant advance payments.  revenue is almost always recognized over time using an outputbased measurement method and sales revenue is measured based on the pr oducts that leave the production plant as the products are produced and delivered just in time.  there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warr anty commitments that include a service component

Score 0.52
alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital .  in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year.  in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation.  continental still allocates these businesses to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants

Score 0.519
.  .  .  transactions with related parties other than subsidiaries were conducted on an armslength basis.  ordinary business activities comprise the purchase or sale of goods and other assets as well as rendered or received services

Score 0.519
contract manufacturing .  .  otherholdingconsolidation .  .  ebit

Score 0.517
in the segment information broken down by country and region sales are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective customers in contrast capital expenditure and segment assets are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective companies.  viewed across all segments continental recorded sales totaling .  million py .  million with a group of companies under common control in the year un der review.  in the continental group generated of its sales in the usa py in germany py and in china py

Score 0.517
continental still allocates these businesses to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants.  for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art.  of the taxonomy regulation .  the activities mentioned are not identified as taxonomyeligible under annex ii to the climate delegated act climate change adaptation

Score 0.515
furthermore the activity designation does not entail any restrictions on components for example in relation to function or drive system.  in contras t to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation the commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy.  until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a taxonomyeligible activity under category

Score 0.515
specific information on the implementation of disclosure requirements in accordance with the eu taxonomy regulation since january companies in the real economy have had to provide information on taxonomy eligibility and taxonomy alignment with regard to the two climate objectives of the climate delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation .  in june the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was published containing the activities and technical assessment criteria for the four remaining environmental objectives.  the six environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy are climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems publication of the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was accompanied by the introduction of amendments to the climate delegated act comprising changes to the existing activities for the two climate objectives as well the inclusion of new economic activities for the two climate objectives.  this affects among others the two economic activities of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category

Score 0.515
.  items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss currency translation .  .  effects from currency translation .

Score 0.513
description of revenue in other business activities revenue in other business activities is included in the sales of the automotive originalequipment business in the sales of the industrial and replacement business and in other revenues.  on the one hand services are provided and on the other project b usiness is conducted in which developments for customers are made goods produced or services provided over a mediumterm or longer period.  for this revenue there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimb ursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component.  the largest component of this revenue relates to revenue from research and development which is recognized at a point in time either when the entire development is completed or when identifiable milestones within a development are reached.  invoices are generally prepared after completion of a milestone or an entire development and acceptance by the customer

Score 0.512
trade accounts payable .  .  shortterm contract liabilities .  income tax payables .  shortterm provisions for other risks and obligations

Score 0.512
capital expenditure relates to additions to property plant and equipment and software as well as additions to capitalized rig htofuse assets in line with ifrs leases and additions to capitalized borrowing costs in line with ias borrowing costs .  depreciation and amortization include the scheduled diminution of and the impairment on intangible assets property plant and equipment capitalized rightofuse assets and investment properties as well as the impairment on goodwill.  this figure does not include impairment on financial investments.  noncash expensesincome mainly include additions to and reversals of pension and warranty provisions as well as provisions for litigation and environmental risks.  in the segment information broken down by country and region sales are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective customers in contrast capital expenditure and segment assets are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective companies

Score 0.511
manufacture of rail rolling stock constit uents.  furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  while the amendments to the climate delegated act do clear up some existing ambiguities in terms of how the regulation is to be interpreted when it comes to the taxonomy eligibility of continentals economic activities reporting pursuant to the eu taxonomy regulation remains fraught with uncertainty for continental.  this is mainly because unclear wording cont inues to be used in the regulations and notes on determining taxonomy eligibility and in particular taxonomy alignment as well as the calculations for key performance indicators for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure as they pertain t o the economic activities relevant for continental

Score 0.511
resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year.  added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in addition various continental industrial businesses were reported as taxonomyeligible under category .  as they were in the previous year

Score 0.51
.  the breakdown of taxonomyeligible operating expenditure by category is shown in the table on page .  when determining the taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure for reasons of materiality the decision was made to forgo separate reporting of investments in individual measures and the acquisition of products from taxon omyeligible economic activities under category c as well as reporting of the resulting operating expenditure in the reporting year.  continental notes that from its perspective various interpretations with respect to the requirements concerning capital expenditure and operating expenditure particularly for category c and for operating expenditure more generally continue to result in uncertainty when determining taxonomyrelated information.  taxonomyaligned economic activities as in the previous year continental did not report any economic activities as being taxonomyaligned

Score 0.507
added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in addition various continental industrial businesses were reported as taxonomyeligible under category .  as they were in the previous year.  a total sum of

Score 0.507
the carrying amounts of the trade accounts receivable net of loss allowances are their fair values.  please see note for information on the default risks in relation to trade accounts receivable.  the continental group uses several programs for the sale of receivables.  when the risks and rewards of receivables in particular credit and default risks have mostly not been transferred the receivables are still recognized as asset s in the statement of financial position.  under the existing saleofreceivables programs the contractual rights to the receipt of payment inflows have been assigned to the corresponding contractual parties

Score 0.506
when the risks and rewards of receivables in particular credit and default risks have mostly not been transferred the receivables are still recognized as asset s in the statement of financial position.  under the existing saleofreceivables programs the contractual rights to the receipt of payment inflows have been assigned to the corresponding contractual parties.  the transferred receivables have short remaini ng terms.  as a rule therefore the carrying amounts as at the reporting date in the amount of .  million py

Score 0.506
payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases with the exception of business with end customers and consumers who often pay in cash or by card.  no significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price as variable price components in line with expectations.  the customers do not usually make any significant advance payments.  revenue is recognized at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer taking into account the agreed incoterms.  there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component

Score 0.505
manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constit uents.  furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  while the amendments to the climate delegated act do clear up some existing ambiguities in terms of how the regulation is to be interpreted when it comes to the taxonomy eligibility of continentals economic activities reporting pursuant to the eu taxonomy regulation remains fraught with uncertainty for continental

Score 0.504
multicomponent contracts that contain distinct performance obligations with different timing of revenue recognition are not currently material.  description of sales revenue in automotive originalequipment business the type of performance obligations to customers in automotive originalequipment business relates to the diverse and predominantly customerspecific products of the automotive contract manufacturing and contitech segments and the originalequipment business of the tires segment please r efer to the information provided on the group sectors in the structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report.  invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms average days and differ mostly dependin g on the region andor product group.  payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases.  no significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price a s variable price components in line with expectations

Score 0.503
.  in addition various continental industrial businesses were reported as taxonomyeligible under category .  as they were in the previous year.  a total sum of .  billion was reported as taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year py

Score 0.503
furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  while the amendments to the climate delegated act do clear up some existing ambiguities in terms of how the regulation is to be interpreted when it comes to the taxonomy eligibility of continentals economic activities reporting pursuant to the eu taxonomy regulation remains fraught with uncertainty for continental.  this is mainly because unclear wording cont inues to be used in the regulations and notes on determining taxonomy eligibility and in particular taxonomy alignment as well as the calculations for key performance indicators for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure as they pertain t o the economic activities relevant for continental.  as a result these regulations and notes are still open to interpretation

Score 0.502
manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants.  for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art.  of the taxonomy regulation .  the activities mentioned are not identified as taxonomyeligible under annex ii to the climate delegated act climate change adaptation.  all other economic activities of the continental group that are not included in the aforementioned economic activities have been classified as taxonomynoneligible for the reporting year

Score 0.502
salesthe following tables show the breakdown of sales in accordance with ifrs revenue from contracts with customers into main geographical markets segments customer groups and product types sales from january to december millions automotive tires contitech contract manufacturing other holding consolidation continental group germany .  .  .  .

Score 0.502
income tax receivables .  .  less income tax assets .  .  segment assets

Score 0.501
.  inventories .  .  trade accounts receivable .

Score 0.5
.  continental did not have the corresponding lifecycle assessments at its disposal in the reporting year meaning it is currently not possible to allocate taxonomyaligned econo mic activities.  for this reason the do no significant harm dnsh criteria and the minimum protection requirements along the value chain were not assessed according to specific economic activities.  it was not yet mandatory in the reporting year to repor t taxonomyaligned economic activities if the economic activities are reported according to the categories .  and

Score 0.5
noncash expensesincome mainly include additions to and reversals of pension and warranty provisions as well as provisions for litigation and environmental risks.  in the segment information broken down by country and region sales are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective customers in contrast capital expenditure and segment assets are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective companies.  viewed across all segments continental recorded sales totaling .  million py .  million with a group of companies under common control in the year un der review

Score 0.5
when determining the taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure for reasons of materiality the decision was made to forgo separate reporting of investments in individual measures and the acquisition of products from taxon omyeligible economic activities under category c as well as reporting of the resulting operating expenditure in the reporting year.  continental notes that from its perspective various interpretations with respect to the requirements concerning capital expenditure and operating expenditure particularly for category c and for operating expenditure more generally continue to result in uncertainty when determining taxonomyrelated information.  taxonomyaligned economic activities as in the previous year continental did not report any economic activities as being taxonomyaligned.  for all economic activities that are reported under category .  specific comparative lifecycle assessments are required in order to also report these as being t axonomyaligned

Score 0.498
in contras t to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation the commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy.  until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a taxonomyeligible activity under category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies

Score 0.498
.  income tax payables .  .  shortterm provisions for other risks and obligations .

Score 0.497
taxonomyeligible turnover the information on turnover is prepared in accordance with section . .  of annex t o the delegated regulation on disclosure obligations and in compliance with ifrs accounting regulations see tables at the end of this nonfinancial statement.  the method of determination selected by continental ensures that double counting is avoided.  the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.496
changes in inventories .  .  trade accounts receivable .  .  trade accounts payable

Score 0.496
manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  while the amendments to the climate delegated act do clear up some existing ambiguities in terms of how the regulation is to be interpreted when it comes to the taxonomy eligibility of continentals economic activities reporting pursuant to the eu taxonomy regulation remains fraught with uncertainty for continental.  this is mainly because unclear wording cont inues to be used in the regulations and notes on determining taxonomy eligibility and in particular taxonomy alignment as well as the calculations for key performance indicators for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure as they pertain t o the economic activities relevant for continental.  as a result these regulations and notes are still open to interpretation.  from continentals perspective there is also uncertainty about the interaction between the various regulations delegated acts and official answers to frequently asked questions

Score 0.496
previously these expenses were reported under selling and logistics expenses now they are reported under cost of sales.  the adjustment led to a retrospective reduction in selling and logistics expenses of .  million while simultaneously increasing cost of sales by the same amount for the period from january to december .  companies consolidated all major subsidiaries that continental ag controls in accordance with the prov isions of ifrs have been included in the consolidated financial statements and are fully consolidated.  to meet this definition continental ag must have the decisionmaking power to control the relevant activities and a right to variable returns from the associated company

Score 0.495
does not impose any restrictions on components in relation to the function or drive system of rail vehicles for which the components are manufactured pr ovided that the components and systems are necessary for the operation and functioning of rail vehicles.  furthermore the activity designation does not entail any restrictions on components for example in relation to function or drive system.  in contras t to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation the commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy

Score 0.494
work in progress .  .  finished goods and merchandise .  .  inventories

Score 0.492
this model is the prevalent business model in the continental group.  hold tocollect and sale this business model aims to collect the contractual cash flows or sell the financial assets.  this business model does occur for example in connection with notes receivable but is fundamentally of subordinate importance in the continental group.  other this business model constitutes a catchall category.  this model occurs in the continental group in connection with recognized trade accounts receivable from third parties which will probably be sold under a true saleofreceivables factoring agreement however it is fundamenta lly of subordinate importance in the continental group

Score 0.492
provisions are recognized for possible warranty claims on sold products on the basis of past experience as well as legal and contractual terms.  additional provisions are recognized for specific known cases.  financial result and investment income interest income and expenses are recognized for the period to which they relate.  dividends are recognized in profit or loss if legal entitlement to payment of the dividend is established the economic benefit associated with the dividend is likely to be received and the dividend amount can be measured reliably.  earnings per share basic earnings per share are calculated on the basis of the weighted average number of shares issued

Score 0.492
in addition various continental industrial businesses were reported as taxonomyeligible under category .  as they were in the previous year.  a total sum of .  billion was reported as taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year py .  billion equivalent to

Score 0.491
inventory risks resulting from decreased marketability or excessive storage periods are accounted for with writedowns.  other assets other assets are recognized at amortized cost.  allowances are recognized as appropriate to reflect any possible risk related to recoverability.  accounting for income taxes income taxes are measured using the concept of the statement of financial positio n liability method in accordance with ias income taxes .  tax expenses and refunds that relate to income are recognized as income taxes

Score 0.491
please see note for information on the default risks in relation to trade accounts receivable.  the continental group uses several programs for the sale of receivables.  when the risks and rewards of receivables in particular credit and default risks have mostly not been transferred the receivables are still recognized as asset s in the statement of financial position.  under the existing saleofreceivables programs the contractual rights to the receipt of payment inflows have been assigned to the corresponding contractual parties.  the transferred receivables have short remaini ng terms

Score 0.49
the rvc commitments surpass the minimum legal requirements especially when it comes to working conditions.  on top of this continenta l has anchored further prevention measures in its own business units and with respect to direct suppliers.  within the rvcdds our code of conduct defines the fundamental requirements for our employees while the business partner code of conduct defines the fundamen tal requirements among others for our suppliers as well as their suppliers with regard to human rights working conditions environmental protection conflict minerals and anticorruption.  the business partner code of conduct is updated regularly most r ecently in fiscal to reflect changes or adjustments to relevant legislation.  for suppliers of natural rubber our sourcing policy for sustainable natural rubber additionally applies

Score 0.49
information in a ccordance with the eu taxonomy regulation continental ag annual report management report sustainability and combined nonfinancial statement we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents to category . .  this classification is based in particular on the fact that from continentals perspective the reference to activity .  does not impose any restrictions on components in relation to the function or drive system of rail vehicles for which the components are manufactured pr ovided that the components and systems are necessary for the operation and functioning of rail vehicles.  furthermore the activity designation does not entail any restrictions on components for example in relation to function or drive system

Score 0.489
the figures for taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure under category a are allocations based on the p roportion of taxonomyeligible turnover.  for reasons connected to the business model the equipment machinery and buildings of the continental group are thus used both for taxonomyeligible activities and for other activities.  this applies both to capital expenditure and operating expenditure for assets or processes associated with taxonomyeligible activities category a.  the allocation takes place at group sector level and not according to the individual locations in order to avoid double counting ta ke into account internal business and consolidation effects and reflect the continental groups matrix structure.  this allocation of turnover thus reflects the distribution of continentals production

Score 0.488
in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation the commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy.  until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a taxonomyeligible activity under category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  it is continentals opinion that this clarification for the purposes of taxonomy eligibility refers to the manufacture of tires of all kinds wi thout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies.  based on this clarification continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds w ithout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category

Score 0.488
liabilities on warranties .  .  risks from taxation and customs .  .  other financial obligations

Score 0.486
.  .  .  other .  joint ventures ordinary business activities

Score 0.486
continental ag annual report consolidated financial statements notes to the consolidated financial statements description of sales revenue in industrial and replacement business the type of performance obligations to customers in industrial and replacement business relates to the replacementtire and retail bus iness of the tires segment the industrial and retail business of the contitech segment and the replacementparts and retail business of the automotive and contract manufacturing segments please refer to the information provided on the group sectors in t he structure of the continental group section of the consolidated management report.  invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms for most of the sales average days and differ mostly depending on the region andor product group.  payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases with the exception of business with end customers and consumers who often pay in cash or by card.  no significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price as variable price components in line with expectations.  the customers do not usually make any significant advance payments

Score 0.485
revenue recognition only sales of products and services resulting from the ordinary business activities of the company are shown as sales revenue.  in accordance with ifrs revenue from contracts with customers continental recognizes as revenue from contracts with customers the amount that is received as consideration for the transfer of goods or services to customers.  the relevant point in time or period of time is the transfer of control of the goods or services to the customer control approach.  to determine when to r ecognize revenue and at what amount the five step model is applied.  by applying the five step model in the continental group to contracts with customers distinct performance obligations are identified

Score 0.485
the breakdown of taxonomyeligible turnover by category is shown in the table on page .  information on the continental groups total turnover the denominator of the key figure calculation can be found in the consoli dated statement of income of this annual report under sales.  taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure have been recorded in accordance with the delegated regulation on disclosure obligations and taking into account the clarifications made by the european commission in october .  the figures for taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure under category a are allocations based on the p roportion of taxonomyeligible turnover.  for reasons connected to the business model the equipment machinery and buildings of the continental group are thus used both for taxonomyeligible activities and for other activities

Score 0.485
the amendments specify the requirements that a sellerlessee should apply when measuring the lease liability arising from a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure that the sellerlessee does not recognize a gain or loss from the right of use retained.  the amendments are required to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after january .  the amendments are not expected to have any significant effect on the future consolidated financial statements of continental ag.  the following standards interpretations issued in relation to published standards and amendments have not yet been adopted by the eu and will become effective at a later date the amendments to ias statement of cash flows and ifrs financial instruments disclos ures supplier finance arrangements require an entity to provide additional disclosures about its supplier finance arrangements that enable users of financial statements to assess the effects of those arrangements on the entitys liabilities and cash fl ows and on the entitys exposure to liquidity risk.  the amendments are required to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after january

Score 0.485
intersegment sales and other proceeds are determined at arms length prices.  for administrative services performed by centrally operated companies or by the continental groups management costs are calculated on an arms length basis in l ine with utilization.  where direct allocation is not possible costs are assigned according to the services performed.  the segment assets comprise the operating assets of the assets side of the statement of financial position as at the end of the reporting period.  the segment liabilities show the operating asset parts on the liabilities side of the statement of financial position

Score 0.484
the group sector was divided into six business areas in the reporting year advanced dynamics solutions conveying solutions industrial fluid solutions mobile fluid systems power transmission group surface solutions the advanced dynamics solutions conveying solutions industrial fluid solutions mobile fluid systems and power transmission group business are as as they existed in this setup until december will be reassigned to the three regional industrial solutions business areas and the original equipment solutions business area effective january .  business and sales performance sales in t he contitech group sector increased by .  yearonyear to .  million in py .  million

Score 0.483
exchangerate risks productliability risks legal risks and assessment criteria centrally developed functionspecific questionnaires as well as the financial reporting icss process and control descriptions.  the key controls in business processes purchase to pay order to cash asset management hr it authorizations the financial statement closing process and sustainability reporting are th us tested with respect to their effectiveness.  all major subsidiaries carry out a semiannual assessment of businessrelated risks and an annual assessment of compliance risks in the grc systems itaided risk management application.  any quality legal and compliance cases that have actually occurred are also taken into account when assessing these risks.  the grc system likewise encompasses the tax compliance management system the customs compliance management system and the export control compliance manage ment system in order to ensure standard and regular review and reporting of pertinent risks

Score 0.483
the changes result mainly from specific individual cases within the automotive and contitech segments.  the other provisions also include provisions for risks from operations such as those in connection with compensation from customer and supplie r claims that are not warranties.  they also include provisions for dismantling and tirerecycling obligations and provisions for possible interest payments and penalties on income tax liabilities.  in the other provisions contingencies amounting to a hig h eightfigure sum have been set aside to cover fines imposed based on the proceedings conducted by the public prosecutors office in hanover in connection with illegal defeat devices in diesel engines.  please see note

Score 0.483
the six environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy are climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems publication of the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was accompanied by the introduction of amendments to the climate delegated act comprising changes to the existing activities for the two climate objectives as well the inclusion of new economic activities for the two climate objectives.  this affects among others the two economic activities of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constit uents.  furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category

Score 0.482
the activities mentioned are not identified as taxonomyeligible under annex ii to the climate delegated act climate change adaptation.  all other economic activities of the continental group that are not included in the aforementioned economic activities have been classified as taxonomynoneligible for the reporting year.  accordingly continental currently has not allocated a ny economic activities to the other environmental objectives under annex i sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources annex ii transition to a circular economy annex iii pollution prevention and control or annex iv protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.  we base the classification on the information publicly available at the time the report was prepared.  taxonomyeligible turnover the information on turnover is prepared in accordance with section

Score 0.482
intercompany receivables and payables in addition to income and expenses are eliminated on consolidation.  intercompany profits arising from internal transactions and dividend payments made within the continental group are eliminated on consolidation.  deferred taxes on the elimination of intercompany transactions are carried in the amount derived from the average income tax rate for the continental group.  currency translation the statements of financial position of foreign subsidiaries with a functiona l currency other than the euro are translated into euros using the middle rate at the end of the reporting period closing rate.  the income statements are translated at the average exchange rate for the year

Score 0.481
of total operating expenditure py . .  the breakdown of taxonomyeligible operating expenditure by category is shown in the table on page .  when determining the taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure for reasons of materiality the decision was made to forgo separate reporting of investments in individual measures and the acquisition of products from taxon omyeligible economic activities under category c as well as reporting of the resulting operating expenditure in the reporting year.  continental notes that from its perspective various interpretations with respect to the requirements concerning capital expenditure and operating expenditure particularly for category c and for operating expenditure more generally continue to result in uncertainty when determining taxonomyrelated information

Score 0.48
.  cost of sales .  .  gross margin on sales .

Score 0.48
product related exp enses costs for advertising sales promotion and other salesrelated items are expensed as incurred.  provisions are recognized for possible warranty claims on sold products on the basis of past experience as well as legal and contractual terms.  additional provisions are recognized for specific known cases.  financial result and investment income interest income and expenses are recognized for the period to which they relate.  dividends are recognized in profit or loss if legal entitlement to payment of the dividend is established the economic benefit associated with the dividend is likely to be received and the dividend amount can be measured reliably