Scores_c_MANUFACTURINGScore 0.651
in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation.  continental still allocates these businesses to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants.  for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art.  of the taxonomy regulation

Score 0.647
the introduction of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category .

Score 0.639
manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category . .  continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category

Score 0.618
furthermore the activity designation does not entail any restrictions on components for example in relation to function or drive system.  in contras t to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation the commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy.  until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a taxonomyeligible activity under category

Score 0.616
in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year.  in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation.  continental still allocates these businesses to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants.  for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art

Score 0.612
the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category .  and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category .  resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year.  added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category .

Score 0.609
in contras t to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation the commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy.  until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a taxonomyeligible activity under category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies

Score 0.609
information in a ccordance with the eu taxonomy regulation continental ag annual report management report sustainability and combined nonfinancial statement we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents to category . .  this classification is based in particular on the fact that from continentals perspective the reference to activity .  does not impose any restrictions on components in relation to the function or drive system of rail vehicles for which the components are manufactured pr ovided that the components and systems are necessary for the operation and functioning of rail vehicles.  furthermore the activity designation does not entail any restrictions on components for example in relation to function or drive system

Score 0.608
this affects among others the two economic activities of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constit uents.  furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies

Score 0.608
this business was therefore classified under category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies of the delegated regulation for climate change mitigation eu annex i in the previous year since at the time no general regulations or specific upstream economic activities were provided for.  the introduction of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure

Score 0.604
and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category .  resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year.  added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in addition various continental industrial businesses were reported as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.602
manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category . .  continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category.  this class ification is based on the fact that from continentals perspective the activity designation does not entail any restrictions in terms of components for example in relation to function or drive system and the corresponding components parts and systems are intended for use in road vehicles

Score 0.599
manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constit uents.  furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  while the amendments to the climate delegated act do clear up some existing ambiguities in terms of how the regulation is to be interpreted when it comes to the taxonomy eligibility of continentals economic activities reporting pursuant to the eu taxonomy regulation remains fraught with uncertainty for continental

Score 0.597
this class ification is based on the fact that from continentals perspective the activity designation does not entail any restrictions in terms of components for example in relation to function or drive system and the corresponding components parts and systems are intended for use in road vehicles.  the unclearly defined qualification characteristic criterion of activity .  essential contribution to environmental performance is in continentals view part of the assessment of taxonomy alignment and not taxonomy eligibility.  alternative interpretations were examined but they were found to be unsuitable by continental.  information in a ccordance with the eu taxonomy regulation continental ag annual report management report sustainability and combined nonfinancial statement we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents to category

Score 0.586
.  of annex t o the delegated regulation on disclosure obligations and in compliance with ifrs accounting regulations see tables at the end of this nonfinancial statement.  the method of determination selected by continental ensures that double counting is avoided.  the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category .  and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.585
manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies of the delegated regulation for climate change mitigation eu annex i in the previous year since at the time no general regulations or specific upstream economic activities were provided for.  the introduction of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach t o the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various continental economic activities reported as taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category

Score 0.585
added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in addition various continental industrial businesses were reported as taxonomyeligible under category .  as they were in the previous year.  a total sum of

Score 0.583
does not impose any restrictions on components in relation to the function or drive system of rail vehicles for which the components are manufactured pr ovided that the components and systems are necessary for the operation and functioning of rail vehicles.  furthermore the activity designation does not entail any restrictions on components for example in relation to function or drive system.  in contras t to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation the commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy

Score 0.582
in june the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was published containing the activities and technical assessment criteria for the four remaining environmental objectives.  the six environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy are climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems publication of the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was accompanied by the introduction of amendments to the climate delegated act comprising changes to the existing activities for the two climate objectives as well the inclusion of new economic activities for the two climate objectives.  this affects among others the two economic activities of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constit uents

Score 0.58
in the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipe emission vehicles to category . .  continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category.  this class ification is based on the fact that from continentals perspective the activity designation does not entail any restrictions in terms of components for example in relation to function or drive system and the corresponding components parts and systems are intended for use in road vehicles.  the unclearly defined qualification characteristic criterion of activity

Score 0.578
manufacture of rail rolling stock constit uents.  furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  while the amendments to the climate delegated act do clear up some existing ambiguities in terms of how the regulation is to be interpreted when it comes to the taxonomy eligibility of continentals economic activities reporting pursuant to the eu taxonomy regulation remains fraught with uncertainty for continental.  this is mainly because unclear wording cont inues to be used in the regulations and notes on determining taxonomy eligibility and in particular taxonomy alignment as well as the calculations for key performance indicators for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure as they pertain t o the economic activities relevant for continental

Score 0.577
manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants.  for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art.  of the taxonomy regulation .  the activities mentioned are not identified as taxonomyeligible under annex ii to the climate delegated act climate change adaptation.  all other economic activities of the continental group that are not included in the aforementioned economic activities have been classified as taxonomynoneligible for the reporting year

Score 0.576
the method of determination selected by continental ensures that double counting is avoided.  the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category .  and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category .  resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year.  added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.568
alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital .  in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year.  in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation.  continental still allocates these businesses to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants

Score 0.568
this classification is based in particular on the fact that from continentals perspective the reference to activity .  does not impose any restrictions on components in relation to the function or drive system of rail vehicles for which the components are manufactured pr ovided that the components and systems are necessary for the operation and functioning of rail vehicles.  furthermore the activity designation does not entail any restrictions on components for example in relation to function or drive system.  in contras t to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as taxonomyeligible under category .

Score 0.565
alternative interpretations were examined but they were found to be unsuitable by continental.  information in a ccordance with the eu taxonomy regulation continental ag annual report management report sustainability and combined nonfinancial statement we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents to category . .  this classification is based in particular on the fact that from continentals perspective the reference to activity .  does not impose any restrictions on components in relation to the function or drive system of rail vehicles for which the components are manufactured pr ovided that the components and systems are necessary for the operation and functioning of rail vehicles

Score 0.563
.  alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital .  in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year.  in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation.  continental still allocates these businesses to category

Score 0.563
resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year.  added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in th e manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as taxonomyeligible under category . .  in addition various continental industrial businesses were reported as taxonomyeligible under category .  as they were in the previous year

Score 0.561
continental still allocates these businesses to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make signif icant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants.  for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art.  of the taxonomy regulation .  the activities mentioned are not identified as taxonomyeligible under annex ii to the climate delegated act climate change adaptation

Score 0.561
.  this classification is based in particular on the fact that from continentals perspective the reference to activity .  does not impose any restrictions on components in relation to the function or drive system of rail vehicles for which the components are manufactured pr ovided that the components and systems are necessary for the operation and functioning of rail vehicles.  furthermore the activity designation does not entail any restrictions on components for example in relation to function or drive system.  in contras t to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.559
manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  it is continentals opinion that this clarification for the purposes of taxonomy eligibility refers to the manufacture of tires of all kinds wi thout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies.  based on this clarification continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds w ithout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category . .  alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital

Score 0.558
based on this clarification continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds w ithout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category . .  alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital .  in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year.  in the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and th e manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation

Score 0.555
of annex t o the delegated regulation on disclosure obligations and in compliance with ifrs accounting regulations see tables at the end of this nonfinancial statement.  the method of determination selected by continental ensures that double counting is avoided.  the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category .  and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as taxonomyeligible under category .  resulted in a significant increase in taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year

Score 0.55
it is continentals opinion that this clarification for the purposes of taxonomy eligibility refers to the manufacture of tires of all kinds wi thout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies.  based on this clarification continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds w ithout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category . .  alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by continental particularly with regard to recital .  in addition various continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year

Score 0.548
billion of which was for production materials.  electronics and electromechanical components together make up around of the continental groups purchasing volume for production materials which are primarily used in the automotive and contract manufactu ring group sectors while mechanical components account for around .  natural rubber and oilbased chemicals as well as synthetic rubber and carbon black are key raw materials for the tires and contitech group sectors.  the total purchasing volume for th ese materials likewise amounts to around of the total volume for production materials.  for more information see the development of raw materials markets section in the economic report

Score 0.547
the six environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy are climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems publication of the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was accompanied by the introduction of amendments to the climate delegated act comprising changes to the existing activities for the two climate objectives as well the inclusion of new economic activities for the two climate objectives.  this affects among others the two economic activities of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category .  manufacture of rail rolling stock constit uents.  furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category

Score 0.546
.  in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation the commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy.  until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a taxonomyeligible activity under category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  it is continentals opinion that this clarification for the purposes of taxonomy eligibility refers to the manufacture of tires of all kinds wi thout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies

Score 0.546
the unclearly defined qualification characteristic criterion of activity .  essential contribution to environmental performance is in continentals view part of the assessment of taxonomy alignment and not taxonomy eligibility.  alternative interpretations were examined but they were found to be unsuitable by continental.  information in a ccordance with the eu taxonomy regulation continental ag annual report management report sustainability and combined nonfinancial statement we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents to category .

Score 0.544
in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation the commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy.  until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a taxonomyeligible activity under category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  it is continentals opinion that this clarification for the purposes of taxonomy eligibility refers to the manufacture of tires of all kinds wi thout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies.  based on this clarification continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds w ithout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category

Score 0.541
electronics and electromechanical components together make up around of the continental groups purchasing volume for production materials which are primarily used in the automotive and contract manufactu ring group sectors while mechanical components account for around .  natural rubber and oilbased chemicals as well as synthetic rubber and carbon black are key raw materials for the tires and contitech group sectors.  the total purchasing volume for th ese materials likewise amounts to around of the total volume for production materials.  for more information see the development of raw materials markets section in the economic report.  production and sales in the automotive and contitech group sectors are organized across regions

Score 0.536
billion in total .  billion of which was for production materials.  electronics and electromechanical components together make up around of the continental groups purchasing volume for production materials which are primarily used in the automotive and contract manufactu ring group sectors while mechanical components account for around .  natural rubber and oilbased chemicals as well as synthetic rubber and carbon black are key raw materials for the tires and contitech group sectors.  the total purchasing volume for th ese materials likewise amounts to around of the total volume for production materials

Score 0.536
with regard to operational waste management as a further key component of the circular economy we have set ourselves the corporate target of increasing the waste for recovery quota to by .  waste for recovery includes material recycling thermal recovery or any other form of recycling or reuse.  this objective gives priority to recycling over disposal.  the implementation of the corporate target is managed by grou p environmental and climate protection as part of operational environmental management.  for more information on the organization of operational environmental management see the section on green and safe factories in this combined nonfinancial statemen t

Score 0.532
continental processes a wide range of raw materials and semifinished products.  the purchasing volum e in the reporting year was .  billion in total .  billion of which was for production materials.  electronics and electromechanical components together make up around of the continental groups purchasing volume for production materials which are primarily used in the automotive and contract manufactu ring group sectors while mechanical components account for around

Score 0.526
it consisted of allocated business with zerotailpipeemission vehicles and allocated lowcarbon business beyond business with zerotailpipe emission vehicles.  this business was therefore classified under category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies of the delegated regulation for climate change mitigation eu annex i in the previous year since at the time no general regulations or specific upstream economic activities were provided for.  the introduction of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category

Score 0.524
specific information on the implementation of disclosure requirements in accordance with the eu taxonomy regulation since january companies in the real economy have had to provide information on taxonomy eligibility and taxonomy alignment with regard to the two climate objectives of the climate delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation .  in june the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was published containing the activities and technical assessment criteria for the four remaining environmental objectives.  the six environmental objectives of the eu taxonomy are climate change mitigation climate change adaptation sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems publication of the environmental delegated act under eu taxonomy regulation was accompanied by the introduction of amendments to the climate delegated act comprising changes to the existing activities for the two climate objectives as well the inclusion of new economic activities for the two climate objectives.  this affects among others the two economic activities of category .  manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category

Score 0.522
for these classifications as well continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier techno logies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in art.  of the taxonomy regulation .  the activities mentioned are not identified as taxonomyeligible under annex ii to the climate delegated act climate change adaptation.  all other economic activities of the continental group that are not included in the aforementioned economic activities have been classified as taxonomynoneligible for the reporting year.  accordingly continental currently has not allocated a ny economic activities to the other environmental objectives under annex i sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources annex ii transition to a circular economy annex iii pollution prevention and control or annex iv protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems

Score 0.522
waste for recovery includes material recycling thermal recovery or any other form of recycling or reuse.  this objective gives priority to recycling over disposal.  the implementation of the corporate target is managed by grou p environmental and climate protection as part of operational environmental management.  for more information on the organization of operational environmental management see the section on green and safe factories in this combined nonfinancial statemen t.  the waste for recovery quota has also been part of the lti plans for the members of the executive board and global managers since fiscal

Score 0.518
this is mainly because unclear wording cont inues to be used in the regulations and notes on determining taxonomy eligibility and in particular taxonomy alignment as well as the calculations for key performance indicators for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure as they pertain t o the economic activities relevant for continental.  as a result these regulations and notes are still open to interpretation.  from continentals perspective there is also uncertainty about the interaction between the various regulations delegated acts and official answers to frequently asked questions.  furthermore the short implementation period granted by the delegated act published in means that many questions of interpretation related to implementation have not yet been conclusively clarified.  in interpreting the regulation we also take into consideration the assessments of industry associations in the supplier and automotive industries the reporting practices of european suppliers for and unofficial assessments by various experts

Score 0.512
production cost consists of the direct costs and attributable material and manufacturing overheads including depreciation.  under certain conditions portions of the borrowing costs are capitalized as part of the acquisition cost.  this also applies to finance leases and investment property.  as soon as an asset is available for its intended use subsequent cost is capitalized only to the extent the relat ed modification changes the function of the asset or increases its economic value and the cost can be clearly identified.  all other subsequent expenditure is recognized as current maintenance expense

Score 0.509
furthermore the eu commission made it explicit in recital of delegated regulation amending delegated regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the t ransport sector is a taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  while the amendments to the climate delegated act do clear up some existing ambiguities in terms of how the regulation is to be interpreted when it comes to the taxonomy eligibility of continentals economic activities reporting pursuant to the eu taxonomy regulation remains fraught with uncertainty for continental.  this is mainly because unclear wording cont inues to be used in the regulations and notes on determining taxonomy eligibility and in particular taxonomy alignment as well as the calculations for key performance indicators for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure as they pertain t o the economic activities relevant for continental.  as a result these regulations and notes are still open to interpretation

Score 0.507
.  finished goods and merchandise .  .  inventories .

Score 0.506
until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a taxonomyeligible activity under category .  manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  it is continentals opinion that this clarification for the purposes of taxonomy eligibility refers to the manufacture of tires of all kinds wi thout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies.  based on this clarification continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds w ithout any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category .

Score 0.505
the development is considered to be completed once the final approval for the unlimited production is granted.  only very few development projects fulfill the recognition criteria.  although suppliers are nominated by original equipment manufacturers with the general obligation to supply products over the entire life of the particular model or platform these supply agreements constitute neither longterm contracts nor firm commitments in particular because the original equipment manufa cturers make no commitments in regard to purchase quantities.  for this reason all preproduction expenses with the exception of the capitalized development costs as previously described are recognized immediately in profit or loss.  product related exp enses costs for advertising sales promotion and other salesrelated items are expensed as incurred

Score 0.504
manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies.  while the amendments to the climate delegated act do clear up some existing ambiguities in terms of how the regulation is to be interpreted when it comes to the taxonomy eligibility of continentals economic activities reporting pursuant to the eu taxonomy regulation remains fraught with uncertainty for continental.  this is mainly because unclear wording cont inues to be used in the regulations and notes on determining taxonomy eligibility and in particular taxonomy alignment as well as the calculations for key performance indicators for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure as they pertain t o the economic activities relevant for continental.  as a result these regulations and notes are still open to interpretation.  from continentals perspective there is also uncertainty about the interaction between the various regulations delegated acts and official answers to frequently asked questions

Score 0.503
work in progress .  .  finished goods and merchandise .  .  inventories

Score 0.501
e.  permanent staff only and waytowork accidents.  for more information on green and safe factories see the integrated sustainability report on our website at www. continentalsustainability. com

Score 0.501
the group sectors are responsible for implementing circularity in particular with r espect to product design business models material use and material procurement.  they have each started to design andor implement specific initiatives and projects that are aimed at improving the use of productrelated technological and biological cycle s.  in addition work is continuously being done on the durability recyclability and adaptability of products.  to cite some examples in the reporting year the automotive group sector become a partner of the international circuits project circular inte gration of independent reverse supply chains for the smart reuse of industrially relevant semiconductors.  the aim of the project is to develop sustainable methods based on innovative technologies that can be used in the circular model to manufacture new components and products with high added value and an improved environmental footprint as well as to provide solutions for the reuse of semiconductors and mechanical parts

Score 0.499
.  income from the reimbursement of customer tooling expenses .  .  income from the disposal of property plant and equipment .

Score 0.499
essential contribution to environmental performance is in continentals view part of the assessment of taxonomy alignment and not taxonomy eligibility.  alternative interpretations were examined but they were found to be unsuitable by continental.  information in a ccordance with the eu taxonomy regulation continental ag annual report management report sustainability and combined nonfinancial statement we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents to category . .  this classification is based in particular on the fact that from continentals perspective the reference to activity

Score 0.498
taxonomyaligned economic activities as in the previous year continental did not report any economic activities as being taxonomyaligned.  for all economic activities that are reported under category .  specific comparative lifecycle assessments are required in order to also report these as being t axonomyaligned.  these must demonstrate substantial savings to lifecycle emissions compared with the highestperforming alternative technology or solution available on the market or the highestperforming alternative product available on the market.  exter nal verification of the life cycle assessments must also take place in accordance with predefined standards

Score 0.495
finished goods and merchandise .  .  inventories .  .  writedowns recognized on inventories increased by

Score 0.494
taxonomyeligible turnover the information on turnover is prepared in accordance with section . .  of annex t o the delegated regulation on disclosure obligations and in compliance with ifrs accounting regulations see tables at the end of this nonfinancial statement.  the method of determination selected by continental ensures that double counting is avoided.  the described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as taxonomyeligible under category

Score 0.493
.  continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category.  this class ification is based on the fact that from continentals perspective the activity designation does not entail any restrictions in terms of components for example in relation to function or drive system and the corresponding components parts and systems are intended for use in road vehicles.  the unclearly defined qualification characteristic criterion of activity .  essential contribution to environmental performance is in continentals view part of the assessment of taxonomy alignment and not taxonomy eligibility

Score 0.493
production cost includes direct costs productionrelated material costs overheads and depreciation.  inventory risks resulting from decreased marketability or excessive storage periods are accounted for with writedowns.  other assets other assets are recognized at amortized cost.  allowances are recognized as appropriate to reflect any possible risk related to recoverability.  accounting for income taxes income taxes are measured using the concept of the statement of financial positio n liability method in accordance with ias income taxes

Score 0.493
local management systems drive forward the implementation of these guidelines.  the concrete organizational and technical requirements can be found in the relevant quality management manuals for the group sectors.  the extent of the certifications is assessed on an annual basis as to how many employees they cover with respect to quality management systems.  the number of new field quality events is used as an effectiveness indicator for our quality management.  a field qu ality event is a riskminimizing measure for a product manufactured andor sold by continental on the basis of a safetyrelated defect andor noncompliance with regulations that was initiated by continental a customer andor an authority

Score 0.492
for all economic activities that are reported under category .  specific comparative lifecycle assessments are required in order to also report these as being t axonomyaligned.  these must demonstrate substantial savings to lifecycle emissions compared with the highestperforming alternative technology or solution available on the market or the highestperforming alternative product available on the market.  exter nal verification of the life cycle assessments must also take place in accordance with predefined standards.  a simplified life cycle consideration as called for by the taxonomy regulation itself is no longer sufficient in accordance with the d elegated regulation for climate change mitigation for category

Score 0.491
continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category.  this class ification is based on the fact that from continentals perspective the activity designation does not entail any restrictions in terms of components for example in relation to function or drive system and the corresponding components parts and systems are intended for use in road vehicles.  the unclearly defined qualification characteristic criterion of activity .  essential contribution to environmental performance is in continentals view part of the assessment of taxonomy alignment and not taxonomy eligibility.  alternative interpretations were examined but they were found to be unsuitable by continental

Score 0.491
quality assurance and costcutting measures were implemented as well.  in the contitech segment production capacity was expanded in germany china the usa mexico brazil hungary and romania.  there were major additions related to the expansion of production capacity in selected growth markets for the surface solutions mobile fluid systems conveying solutions and po wer transmission group business areas.  in addition investments were made in all business areas to optimize existing production processes.  in the contract manufacturing segment the capital expenditure was primarily attributable to production equipment for the manufacture of specific products and the implementation of new technologies

Score 0.489
development of industrial production in addition to vehicle production and the replacement business for the automotive industry the development of various other industries is crucial to the success of our contitech group sector.  contitech products are used in particular in equipment machinery and vehicles for railway transport mining agriculture and other key industries.  as well as the general development of gross domestic product the development of industrial production is therefo re regarded as an important indicator for contitechs business with industrial customers.  in the reporting period industrial production in the eurozone continued to be affected by increased costs and was down yearonyear as a whole.  in the usa as well industrial production saw only a slight increase in remaining more or less constant yearonyear

Score 0.488
the purchasing volum e in the reporting year was .  billion in total .  billion of which was for production materials.  electronics and electromechanical components together make up around of the continental groups purchasing volume for production materials which are primarily used in the automotive and contract manufactu ring group sectors while mechanical components account for around .  natural rubber and oilbased chemicals as well as synthetic rubber and carbon black are key raw materials for the tires and contitech group sectors

Score 0.487
aluminum is used in particular for diecast parts and stamped and bent components while copp er is used in particular in electric motors mechatronic components and printed circuit boards.  prices for carbon steel in euros which had fallen changes to vehicle production the tirereplacement business and industrial production in compared with passenger cars and light commercial vehicles vehicle production tire replacement business industrial production europe eurozone .  north america usa .  china china .  worldwide medium and heavy commercial vehicles vehicle production tirereplacement business europe north america preliminary data

Score 0.485
green and safe factories our ambition as set out in our sustainability ambition we conduct our business processes in a safe and responsible manner based on systematic management and the protection of people and the environment.  concept our company policy for environment safety and health protection esh defines corporatewide guidelines for green and safe factories.  on this basis we pursue esh targets for the continental group as a whole all persons in our company are to be protected against accidents and workrelated sickness and their health is to be actively promoted.  co emissions energy us e water consumption and waste generation at the locations are to be reduced and the waste for recovery quota and energy efficiency at the locations increased.  local management systems drive forward the implementation of these guidelines

Score 0.484
for more information see the respective press release on our website under press.  with regard to operational waste management as a further key component of the circular economy we have set ourselves the corporate target of increasing the waste for recovery quota to by .  waste for recovery includes material recycling thermal recovery or any other form of recycling or reuse.  this objective gives priority to recycling over disposal.  the implementation of the corporate target is managed by grou p environmental and climate protection as part of operational environmental management

Score 0.484
tires .  .  contitech .  .  contract manufacturing

Score 0.484
co emissions energy us e water consumption and waste generation at the locations are to be reduced and the waste for recovery quota and energy efficiency at the locations increased.  local management systems drive forward the implementation of these guidelines.  the concrete o rganizational and technical requirements can be found in the relevant esh management manuals for the group sectors.  many locations have additionally undergone external certification audits.  the certified business activities are assessed annually to deter mine how many employees are covered by environmental management energy management and occupational safety and health management systems

Score 0.483
the concrete organizational and technical requirements can be found in the relevant quality management manuals for the group sectors.  the extent of the certifications is assessed on an annual basis as to how many employees they cover with respect to quality management systems.  the number of new field quality events is used as an effectiveness indicator for our quality management.  a field qu ality event is a riskminimizing measure for a product manufactured andor sold by continental on the basis of a safetyrelated defect andor noncompliance with regulations that was initiated by continental a customer andor an authority.  the group quali ty technical compliance continental business system cbs and environment group function as well as the quality functions at various levels in the continental group which work together in a global network are responsible for the strategic corporatewide quality management process

Score 0.482
the group sector is divided into five business areas original equipment replacement apac replacement emea replacement the americas specialty tires the contitech group sector focuses on development and materials expertise in products and systems made from rubber plastic metal and textiles which can also be equipped with electronic components to optimize their functionality for custom service applications.  contitechs industrial growth areas are primarily in energy agriculture and construction as well as interior design.  contitech also se rves the automotive and transportation industries along with the railway engineering sector.  in the reporting year of sales in contitech related to business with automotive manufacturers and to business with other industries and in the automotive replacement market.  the group sector is divided into five business areas as of january industrial solutions americas industrial solutions apac industrial solutions emea original equipment solutions surface solutions the advanced dynamics solutio ns conveying solutions industrial fluid solutions mobile fluid systems and power transmission group business areas as they existed in this setup until december have been reassigned to the three regional industrial solutions business areas and the original equipment solutions business area

Score 0.482
contract manufacturing .  .  otherholdingconsolidation .  .  ebit

Score 0.481
they have each started to design andor implement specific initiatives and projects that are aimed at improving the use of productrelated technological and biological cycle s.  in addition work is continuously being done on the durability recyclability and adaptability of products.  to cite some examples in the reporting year the automotive group sector become a partner of the international circuits project circular inte gration of independent reverse supply chains for the smart reuse of industrially relevant semiconductors.  the aim of the project is to develop sustainable methods based on innovative technologies that can be used in the circular model to manufacture new components and products with high added value and an improved environmental footprint as well as to provide solutions for the reuse of semiconductors and mechanical parts.  together with partner pyrum innovations the tires group sector is currently developing various processes to further optimize and expand the recycling of scrap tires through pyrolysis

Score 0.48
continental notes that from its perspective various interpretations with respect to the requirements concerning capital expenditure and operating expenditure particularly for category c and for operating expenditure more generally continue to result in uncertainty when determining taxonomyrelated information.  taxonomyaligned economic activities as in the previous year continental did not report any economic activities as being taxonomyaligned.  for all economic activities that are reported under category .  specific comparative lifecycle assessments are required in order to also report these as being t axonomyaligned.  these must demonstrate substantial savings to lifecycle emissions compared with the highestperforming alternative technology or solution available on the market or the highestperforming alternative product available on the market

Score 0.48
carbon steel and stainless steel are input materials for many of the mechanical components such as diecast parts integrated by continental into its products.  steel wire is used in particular in tire production as steel cord but also in conveyor belts and timing belts to increase tensile strength.  aluminum is used in particular for diecast parts and stamped and bent components while copp er is used in particular in electric motors mechatronic components and printed circuit boards.  prices for carbon steel in euros which had fallen changes to vehicle production the tirereplacement business and industrial production in compared with passenger cars and light commercial vehicles vehicle production tire replacement business industrial production europe eurozone .  north america usa

Score 0.479
product recalls pr oduct liability claims and proceedings as a result of quality defects represent a business risk that we want to avoid due to the resulting losses of sales costs and loss of customer and market acceptance.  for more information see the report on risks and opportunities in this annual report.  local management systems drive forward the implementation of these guidelines.  the concrete organizational and technical requirements can be found in the relevant quality management manuals for the group sectors.  the extent of the certifications is assessed on an annual basis as to how many employees they cover with respect to quality management systems

Score 0.478
accordingly development costs are recognized as an asset only as at the date of nomination as supplier and upon fulfillment of a specific pre prod uction release stage.  the development is considered to be completed once the final approval for the unlimited production is granted.  only very few development projects fulfill the recognition criteria.  although suppliers are nominated by original equipment manufacturers with the general obligation to supply products over the entire life of the particular model or platform these supply agreements constitute neither longterm contracts nor firm commitments in particular because the original equipment manufa cturers make no commitments in regard to purchase quantities.  for this reason all preproduction expenses with the exception of the capitalized development costs as previously described are recognized immediately in profit or loss

Score 0.478
only very few development projects fulfill the recognition criteria.  although suppliers are nominated by original equipment manufacturers with the general obligation to supply products over the entire life of the particular model or platform these supply agreements constitute neither longterm contracts nor firm commitments in particular because the original equipment manufa cturers make no commitments in regard to purchase quantities.  for this reason all preproduction expenses with the exception of the capitalized development costs as previously described are recognized immediately in profit or loss.  product related exp enses costs for advertising sales promotion and other salesrelated items are expensed as incurred.  provisions are recognized for possible warranty claims on sold products on the basis of past experience as well as legal and contractual terms

Score 0.477
as well as the general development of gross domestic product the development of industrial production is therefo re regarded as an important indicator for contitechs business with industrial customers.  in the reporting period industrial production in the eurozone continued to be affected by increased costs and was down yearonyear as a whole.  in the usa as well industrial production saw only a slight increase in remaining more or less constant yearonyear.  china on the other hand recorded significant growth in industrial production compared with the previous year which was influenced by lockdowns and other factors.  development of raw materials markets compared with previous years the development of raw materials markets in the year under review was largely stable due to an overall improvement in availability

Score 0.474
income from the reimbursement of customer tooling expenses .  .  income from the disposal of property plant and equipment .  .  income from transactions with related parties

Score 0.473
the group sector is divided into five business areas as of january industrial solutions americas industrial solutions apac industrial solutions emea original equipment solutions surface solutions the advanced dynamics solutio ns conveying solutions industrial fluid solutions mobile fluid systems and power transmission group business areas as they existed in this setup until december have been reassigned to the three regional industrial solutions business areas and the original equipment solutions business area.  the contract manufacturing of products by continental companies for vitesco technologies is consolidated in the contract manufacturing group sector .  this contract manufacturing is not intended to be a permanent situation rather the operational separation of production will continue to be promoted and the volume of contract manufacturing reduced.  contract manufacturing includes one business area contract manufacturing structure of the continental group in continental groupautomotive tires contract manufacturing contitech continental ag annual report management report corporate profile globally interconnected value creation research and development rd took place at locations in the reporting year predominantly in close proximity to our customers to ensure that continental can respond flexibly to their various requirements and to regional market conditions.  this applies particularly to projects of the automotive and contitech group sectors

Score 0.473
com.  green and safe factories our ambition as set out in our sustainability ambition we conduct our business processes in a safe and responsible manner based on systematic management and the protection of people and the environment.  concept our company policy for environment safety and health protection esh defines corporatewide guidelines for green and safe factories.  on this basis we pursue esh targets for the continental group as a whole all persons in our company are to be protected against accidents and workrelated sickness and their health is to be actively promoted.  co emissions energy us e water consumption and waste generation at the locations are to be reduced and the waste for recovery quota and energy efficiency at the locations increased

Score 0.472
there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component.  description of revenue in other business activities revenue in other business activities is included in the sales of the automotive originalequipment business in the sales of the industrial and replacement business and in other revenues.  on the one hand services are provided and on the other project b usiness is conducted in which developments for customers are made goods produced or services provided over a mediumterm or longer period.  for this revenue there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimb ursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component.  the largest component of this revenue relates to revenue from research and development which is recognized at a point in time either when the entire development is completed or when identifiable milestones within a development are reached

Score 0.472
although a decline in price volatility was observed for products such as crude oil and butadiene prices still fluctuated significantly in some cases.  ov erall however they were roughly on a par with the level seen at the start of at the end of the reporting period.  carbon steel and stainless steel are input materials for many of the mechanical components such as diecast parts integrated by continental into its products.  steel wire is used in particular in tire production as steel cord but also in conveyor belts and timing belts to increase tensile strength.  aluminum is used in particular for diecast parts and stamped and bent components while copp er is used in particular in electric motors mechatronic components and printed circuit boards

Score 0.47
the total purchasing volume for th ese materials likewise amounts to around of the total volume for production materials.  for more information see the development of raw materials markets section in the economic report.  production and sales in the automotive and contitech group sectors are organized across regions.  for the tires group sector economies of scale play a key role when it comes to tire manufacturing.  low production costs coupled with large volumes and proximity to our customers or high rates of regional growth constitute ke y success factors

Score 0.47
contract manufacturing includes one business area contract manufacturing business and sales performance sales volumes in the contrac t manufacturing group sector decreased yearonyear in .  this corresponds to the contractually agreed procedure between continental and vitesco technologies.  sales decreased by .  yearonyear to .  million py

Score 0.469
.  work in progress .  .  finished goods and merchandise .

Score 0.468
.  the capital expenditure was primarily attributab le to production equipment for the manufacture of specific products and the implementation of new technologies.  employees the number of employees in the contract manufacturing group sector fell by compared with the previous year totaling as at d ecember py .  .

Score 0.467
our quality policy sets out guidelines for product and process quality at continental.  product recalls pr oduct liability claims and proceedings as a result of quality defects represent a business risk that we want to avoid due to the resulting losses of sales costs and loss of customer and market acceptance.  for more information see the report on risks and opportunities in this annual report.  local management systems drive forward the implementation of these guidelines.  the concrete organizational and technical requirements can be found in the relevant quality management manuals for the group sectors

Score 0.467
as a result these regulations and notes are still open to interpretation.  from continentals perspective there is also uncertainty about the interaction between the various regulations delegated acts and official answers to frequently asked questions.  furthermore the short implementation period granted by the delegated act published in means that many questions of interpretation related to implementation have not yet been conclusively clarified.  in interpreting the regulation we also take into consideration the assessments of industry associations in the supplier and automotive industries the reporting practices of european suppliers for and unofficial assessments by various experts.  taxono myeligible economic activities as part of our sustainability ambition we strive for carbon neutrality and emissionfree mobility and industry by at the latest see also the sections on carbon neutrality and on emissionfree mobility and industry in this combined nonfinancial statement and thus for the expansion of clean and carbonneutral mobility

Score 0.467
million.  in the contr act manufacturing group sector there were restructuring expenses of .  million.  in addition the reversal of restructuring provisions resulted in income of .  million

Score 0.467
taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure have been recorded in accordance with the delegated regulation on disclosure obligations and taking into account the clarifications made by the european commission in october .  the figures for taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure under category a are allocations based on the p roportion of taxonomyeligible turnover.  for reasons connected to the business model the equipment machinery and buildings of the continental group are thus used both for taxonomyeligible activities and for other activities.  this applies both to capital expenditure and operating expenditure for assets or processes associated with taxonomyeligible activities category a.  the allocation takes place at group sector level and not according to the individual locations in order to avoid double counting ta ke into account internal business and consolidation effects and reflect the continental groups matrix structure

Score 0.466
.  .  property plant and equipment .  .

Score 0.465
when determining the taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure for reasons of materiality the decision was made to forgo separate reporting of investments in individual measures and the acquisition of products from taxon omyeligible economic activities under category c as well as reporting of the resulting operating expenditure in the reporting year.  continental notes that from its perspective various interpretations with respect to the requirements concerning capital expenditure and operating expenditure particularly for category c and for operating expenditure more generally continue to result in uncertainty when determining taxonomyrelated information.  taxonomyaligned economic activities as in the previous year continental did not report any economic activities as being taxonomyaligned.  for all economic activities that are reported under category .  specific comparative lifecycle assessments are required in order to also report these as being t axonomyaligned