Scores_k_FINANCIAL AND INSURANCE ACTIVITIESScore 0.607
financial instrumentscarrying amounts of financial assetsliabilities and their fair values amount recognised in the statement of financial position pursuant to ifrs in m eurcategory pursuant to ifrs carrying amount as of dec amortised costfair value not through profit and lossfair value through profit and lossfair valueas of dec assetscash and cash equivalents . thereof cash in bank on hand shortterm bank deposits ac .  .  .  thereof money market funds fvtpl

Score 0.607
.  .  .  . payments for financial liabilities and derivative financial instruments carrying amountcash flows cash flowscash flows and ff

Score 0.601
thereof other financial instruments .  .  . other current nonfinancial assets .

Score 0.6
.  .  . payments for financial liabilities and derivative financial instruments carrying amountcash flows cash flowscash flows and ff.  in m eur dec interestrepayments interestrepayments interestrepaymentsborrowings

Score 0.598
this will mainly include items that are currently presented in our financial result e. g.  interest expenses on convertible bonds and lease liabilities.  items that do not fulfil these criteria shall be classified under other categories.  for example income and expenses from hedging relationships shall be moved to the operating category

Score 0.593
thereof money market funds fvtpl .  . trade and other receivables ac .  .  other financial assets

Score 0.59
.  . payments for financial liabilities and derivative financial instruments carrying amountcash flows cash flowscash flows and ff.  in m eur dec interestrepayments interestrepayments interestrepaymentsborrowings .

Score 0.59
. thereof other financial instruments .  .  . other current nonfinancial assets

Score 0.589
no financial assets were classified in this category in the financial year or in the prior year. all other financial assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss.  hence they are held within a business model whose objective is not to hold the financial asset to collect contractual cash flows or where cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.  derivative financial instruments that are not effective hedging instruments as well as corporate investments are allocated to this category.  changes in the fair value of these financial assets are recognised through profit or loss

Score 0.584
.  other financial assets . thereof money market funds fvtpl .  .

Score 0.581
. other financial liabilities .  . other nonfinancial liabilities .

Score 0.577
other financial assets .  .  . other nonfinancial assets .

Score 0.576
trade and other receivables ac .  .  other financial assets . thereof money market funds fvtpl .

Score 0.576
. payments for financial liabilities and derivative financial instruments carrying amountcash flows cash flowscash flows and ff.  in m eur dec interestrepayments interestrepayments interestrepaymentsborrowings .  .

Score 0.575
. trade and other receivables ac .  .  other financial assets . thereof money market funds fvtpl

Score 0.572
other financial assets . thereof derivative financialinstruments designatedas hedging instruments na .  .  .

Score 0.57
other financial liabilities .  .  . other nonfinancial liabilities .

Score 0.569
.  .  financial assets .  .

Score 0.567
.  .  . other financial liabilities .

Score 0.567
. other financial liabilities .  .  . other nonfinancial liabilities

Score 0.566
.  .  .  . other financial liabilities

Score 0.566
payments for financial liabilities and derivative financial instruments carrying amountcash flows cash flowscash flows and ff.  in m eur dec interestrepayments interestrepayments interestrepaymentsborrowings .  .  .

Score 0.566
.  . other financial liabilities .  . other nonfinancial liabilities

Score 0.565
financial assets .  .  . nonfinancial assets .

Score 0.564
. other financial assets .  .  . other nonfinancial assets

Score 0.564
other financial liabilities .  .  .  .

Score 0.562
. thereof from term deposits .  . thereof from other financial instruments .

Score 0.561
thereof from other financial instruments .  . interest and similar expenses. . thereof from financial liabilities at amortised cost

Score 0.561
.  sharebased payments as well as . .  .  financial instruments

Score 0.561
other financial liabilities .  . other nonfinancial liabilities .  . deferred tax liabilities

Score 0.561
.  . other financial liabilities .  .

Score 0.561
.  financial instrumentscarrying amounts of financial assetsliabilities and their fair values amount recognised in the statement of financial position pursuant to ifrs in m eurcategory pursuant to ifrs carrying amount as of dec amortised costfair value not through profit and lossfair value through profit and lossfair valueas of dec assetscash and cash equivalents . thereof cash in bank on hand shortterm bank deposits ac .  .

Score 0.56
other financial assets . thereof money market funds fvtpl .  .  . thereof derivative financial instruments designatedas hedging instruments na

Score 0.559
. . thereof other financial instruments .  .

Score 0.559
. thereof term depositsmoney market funds .  .  . thereof derivative financial instruments

Score 0.558
.  financial assets .  .  . nonfinancial assets

Score 0.557
thereof fulfilment services .  .  . thereof other .

Score 0.556
.  other current financial assets and other current nonfinancial assetsas of the reporting date other current financial an d nonfinancial assets comprised the following componentsother current financial and nonfinancial assetsin m eur dec dec changeother current financial assets .  .  . thereof term depositsmoney market funds

Score 0.556
.  . trade and other receivables ac .  .  other financial assets

Score 0.555
.  other financial assets . thereof derivative financialinstruments designatedas hedging instruments na .  .

Score 0.553
. trade and other receivables .  .  . other financial assets

Score 0.552
other current financial assets and other current nonfinancial assetsas of the reporting date other current financial an d nonfinancial assets comprised the following componentsother current financial and nonfinancial assetsin m eur dec dec changeother current financial assets .  .  . thereof term depositsmoney market funds .

Score 0.552
. other financial liabilities .  .  .

Score 0.551
thereof from term deposits .  . thereof from other financial instruments .  . interest and similar expenses

Score 0.55
all instruments in the portfolio as of december and december for which payments had already been contractually agreed were included.  planned figures for new future liabilities were not included.  the floatingrate interest payments from the financial instruments were determined based on the interest rates most recently fixed before december and december respectively.  all oncall financial liabilities are always allocated to the earliest possible date. payments for financial liabilities and derivative financial instruments carrying amountcash flows cash flowscash flows and ff

Score 0.55
.  . other financial assets .  .

Score 0.549
current assetsinventories .  .  . trade and other receivables .

Score 0.547
. thereof from other financial instruments .  . interest and similar expenses.

Score 0.546
. thereof fulfilment services .  .  . thereof other

Score 0.542
thereof term depositsmoney market funds .  .  . thereof derivative financial instruments .

Score 0.541
trade and other receivables .  .  . other financial assets .

Score 0.541
. current assetsinventories .  .  . trade and other receivables

Score 0.541
m eur associated with investments in subsidiaries.  a deferred tax liability has not been recognised because the group controls the reversal of the difference and does not expect a reversal in the foreseeable future.  .  financial instrumentscarrying amounts of financial assetsliabilities and their fair values amount recognised in the statement of financial position pursuant to ifrs in m eurcategory pursuant to ifrs carrying amount as of dec amortised costfair value not through profit and lossfair value through profit and lossfair valueas of dec assetscash and cash equivalents . thereof cash in bank on hand shortterm bank deposits ac

Score 0.535
.  rightofuse assets and lease liabilities and . .  accounting policies .  the determination of the fair value of obligations from financial liabilities and sharebased payments see comments in sections

Score 0.533
for all categories except financial assets at fair value through profit or loss the transaction costs incurred are included in the initial recognition. the allocation to the aforementioned categories determines the subsequent measurement of financial assets.  there are differing measurement rules for each category. financial assets measured at amortised cost are those which are held in a business model whose objective is to hold the financial asset in order to collect contractual cash flows and for which the contractual terms give rise on specific dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding sppi criterion.  this measurement category is used for trade and other receivables other financial assets cash and cash equivalents and shortterm deposits

Score 0.532
.  thereof money market funds fvtpl .  . trade and other receivables ac .

Score 0.532
those items are currently presented within our financial result and will be moved to the investing category.  income and expenses that arise from transactions that involve only the raising of finance or items that arise from transactions that do not involve only the raising of finance but are identified by other ifrs will be classified in the financing category.  this will mainly include items that are currently presented in our financial result e. g.  interest expenses on convertible bonds and lease liabilities

Score 0.531
. other nonfinancial liabilities .  . deferred tax liabilities .

Score 0.531
thereof others .  .  . other current nonfinancial liabilities .

Score 0.53
other financial liabilities . thereof derivative financialinstruments designatedas hedging instruments na .  .  .

Score 0.529
thereof from financial liabilities at amortised cost. . thereof from hedging derivatives. . thereof other interest and similar expenses

Score 0.528
. . . other financial and nonfinancialliabilities .

Score 0.528
these other operating expenses relate to disposals of assets refer to sections . .  .  property plant and equipment .

Score 0.527
impairment and foreign exchange gains or losses are nevertheless recognised in profit or loss.  no financial assets were classified in this category in the financial year or in the prior year. all other financial assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss.  hence they are held within a business model whose objective is not to hold the financial asset to collect contractual cash flows or where cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.  derivative financial instruments that are not effective hedging instruments as well as corporate investments are allocated to this category

Score 0.527
thereof money market funds fvtpl .  .  . trade and other receivables ac .

Score 0.527
all other financial assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss.  hence they are held within a business model whose objective is not to hold the financial asset to collect contractual cash flows or where cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.  derivative financial instruments that are not effective hedging instruments as well as corporate investments are allocated to this category.  changes in the fair value of these financial assets are recognised through profit or loss. impairment of financial assetszalando recogni ses a loss allowance for expected credit losses for all financial assets other than those measured at fair value through profit or loss

Score 0.527
. thereof corporate investments fvtpl .  .  . thereof others ac

Score 0.526
income and expenses that arise from transactions that involve only the raising of finance or items that arise from transactions that do not involve only the raising of finance but are identified by other ifrs will be classified in the financing category.  this will mainly include items that are currently presented in our financial result e. g.  interest expenses on convertible bonds and lease liabilities.  items that do not fulfil these criteria shall be classified under other categories

Score 0.526
the investing category will mainly include income and expenses from investments accounted for using the equity method as well as from cash and cash equivalents.  those items are currently presented within our financial result and will be moved to the investing category.  income and expenses that arise from transactions that involve only the raising of finance or items that arise from transactions that do not involve only the raising of finance but are identified by other ifrs will be classified in the financing category.  this will mainly include items that are currently presented in our financial result e. g

Score 0.525
. interest and similar expenses. . thereof from financial liabilities at amortised cost.

Score 0.524
. . . . other financial and nonfinancialliabilities

Score 0.523
interest and similar expenses. . thereof from financial liabilities at amortised cost. . thereof from hedging derivatives

Score 0.523
other financial liabilities . thereof derivative financialinstruments designatedas hedging instruments na .  .  . thereof other derivative financial instruments fvtpl thereof others flac

Score 0.523
. nonfinancial assets .  .  . investments accounted for using the equity method

Score 0.523
the majority of items currently included in our ebit will be allocated to this operating category.  the investing category will mainly include income and expenses from investments accounted for using the equity method as well as from cash and cash equivalents.  those items are currently presented within our financial result and will be moved to the investing category.  income and expenses that arise from transactions that involve only the raising of finance or items that arise from transactions that do not involve only the raising of finance but are identified by other ifrs will be classified in the financing category.  this will mainly include items that are currently presented in our financial result e

Score 0.521
thereof other derivative financial instruments fvtpl .  .  . thereof corporate investments fvtpl .

Score 0.521
.  .  . current financing liabilities .

Score 0.521
. .  . current financing liabilities .

Score 0.52
.  accounting policies and . .  .  intangible assets

Score 0.52
.  thereof money market funds fvtpl .  .  . trade and other receivables ac

Score 0.519
. trade and other receivables ac .  .  other financial assets . thereof derivative financialinstruments designatedas hedging instruments na

Score 0.519
the standard first defines the operating category that will include all items of income or expense that are not classified in one of the other four categories.  the majority of items currently included in our ebit will be allocated to this operating category.  the investing category will mainly include income and expenses from investments accounted for using the equity method as well as from cash and cash equivalents.  those items are currently presented within our financial result and will be moved to the investing category.  income and expenses that arise from transactions that involve only the raising of finance or items that arise from transactions that do not involve only the raising of finance but are identified by other ifrs will be classified in the financing category

Score 0.519
. thereof other derivative financial instruments fvtpl .  .  . thereof corporate investments fvtpl

Score 0.517
thereof corporate investments fvtpl .  .  . thereof others ac .

Score 0.516
thereof cash in bank on hand shortterm bank deposits ac .  .  thereof money market funds fvtpl .  . trade and other receivables ac

Score 0.513
g.  interest expenses on convertible bonds and lease liabilities.  items that do not fulfil these criteria shall be classified under other categories.  for example income and expenses from hedging relationships shall be moved to the operating category.  foreign exchange differences currently presented in financial result that relate to income and expenses for items that will be classified in the financing category will be presented in this category accordingly

Score 0.513
financial assets measured at amortised cost are those which are held in a business model whose objective is to hold the financial asset in order to collect contractual cash flows and for which the contractual terms give rise on specific dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding sppi criterion.  this measurement category is used for trade and other receivables other financial assets cash and cash equivalents and shortterm deposits. companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report the category of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income relates to financial assets that are held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets.  on specified dates the contractual terms give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.  the fluctuations in value recognised in other comprehensive income are transferred to profit or loss at the time the asset is derecognised

Score 0.512
financial resultfinancial resultin m eur interest and similar income .  . thereof from hedging derivatives .  . thereof from trade and other receivables

Score 0.512
. thereof derivative financial instruments .  .  . thereof creditors with debit balance

Score 0.512
.  .  property plant and equipment and . .  acco unting policies

Score 0.51
.  . thereof derivative financial instruments .  .

Score 0.51
thereof other interest and similar expenses. . result of investments accounted for using theequity method. . other financial result

Score 0.51
the fluctuations in value recognised in other comprehensive income are transferred to profit or loss at the time the asset is derecognised.  impairment and foreign exchange gains or losses are nevertheless recognised in profit or loss.  no financial assets were classified in this category in the financial year or in the prior year. all other financial assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss.  hence they are held within a business model whose objective is not to hold the financial asset to collect contractual cash flows or where cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding

Score 0.51
other current financial liabilities and other current nonfinancial liabilitiesas of the reporting date other current financial and nonfinancial liabilities comprise the following componentsother current financial and nonfinancial liabilitiesin m eur dec dec changeother current financial liabilities .  . . thereof obligations to reimburse customers for returns .

Score 0.51
.  rightofuse assets .  .  .  financial assets

Score 0.509
nonfinancial assets .  .  . investments accounted for using the equity method .

Score 0.508
.  . thereof others ac .  .  liabilitiestrade payables and similar liabilities flac

Score 0.507
. thereof from financial liabilities at amortised cost. . thereof from hedging derivatives.

Score 0.505
thereof other nonfinancial assets .  . . the development in other current financial assets was largely driven by an increase in market values of derivative financial instruments amounting to . m eur as of december prior year

Score 0.504
. thereof others ac .  .  liabilitiestrade payables and similar liabilities flac .