Scores_e_WATER SUPPLY; SEWERAGE, WASTE MANAGEMENT AND REMEDIATION ACTIVITIESScore 0.695
waste categorisation and data collection our waste is categorised as either hazardous or nonhazardous with key examples of each as follows nonhazardous waste .  of total waste generated includes paper cardboard metals plastic packaging biodegradable kitchen waste and nondangerous electronic waste.  hazardous waste .  of total waste generated includes certain beauty products dangerous ewaste and packaging materials containing chemicals. waste data is collected at the site level where waste quantities and treatment routes are documented by our waste service providers

Score 0.68
nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to other recovery operations. nonhazardous waste directed to disposal in tons . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by incineration . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by landfilling . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by other disposal operations

Score 0.667
nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to recycling . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to other recovery operations. nonhazardous waste directed to disposal in tons . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by incineration . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by landfilling

Score 0.653
nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to preparation for reuse . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to recycling . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to other recovery operations. nonhazardous waste directed to disposal in tons . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by incineration

Score 0.643
of total waste generated includes paper cardboard metals plastic packaging biodegradable kitchen waste and nondangerous electronic waste.  hazardous waste .  of total waste generated includes certain beauty products dangerous ewaste and packaging materials containing chemicals. waste data is collected at the site level where waste quantities and treatment routes are documented by our waste service providers.  precise weighing ensures accuracy and any missing data is estimated based on averages from similar sites or previous time periods

Score 0.635
total nonhazardous waste generated . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal in tons . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to preparation for reuse . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to recycling . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to other recovery operations

Score 0.633
minimising water pollution our aim is to identify key sources of water pollution and opportunities to minimise it including ensuring that wastewater is treated to meet or exceed environmental standards before discharge.  complying with regulations we will pursue compliance with waterrelated regulations and standards that apply to our business.  this involves monitoring regulatory changes and implementing due diligence procedures where relevant.  managing waterrelated risks impacts dependencies and opportunities we will regularly assess waterrelated risks and impacts pertaining to our own operations and value chain and develop strategies to manage and mitigate material issues.  this assessment may also include identifying dependencies on water resources in alignment with leading guidance and frameworks

Score 0.627
total hazardous waste generated . total nonhazardous waste generated . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal in tons . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to preparation for reuse . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to recycling

Score 0.624
nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal in tons . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to preparation for reuse . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to recycling . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to other recovery operations. nonhazardous waste directed to disposal in tons

Score 0.623
nonhazardous waste directed to disposal in tons . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by incineration . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by landfilling . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by other disposal operations . nonrecycled waste in tons

Score 0.621
upstream transportation and distribution tcoeq .  . waste generated in operations tcoeq .  . business travel tcoeq

Score 0.618
nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by landfilling . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by other disposal operations . nonrecycled waste in tons . percentage of nonrecycled waste . companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report

Score 0.612
waste generated in operations tcoeq .  . business travel tcoeq .  . employee commuting tcoeq

Score 0.609
of our total generated waste is recycled while only .  is incinerated and just .  is disposed by landfilling.  waste categorisation and data collection our waste is categorised as either hazardous or nonhazardous with key examples of each as follows nonhazardous waste .  of total waste generated includes paper cardboard metals plastic packaging biodegradable kitchen waste and nondangerous electronic waste

Score 0.604
. waste generated in operations tcoeq .  . business travel tcoeq .

Score 0.604
. upstream transportation and distribution tcoeq .  . waste generated in operations tcoeq .

Score 0.602
this could include adopting watersaving technologies optimising processes to reduce water consumption and promoting responsible water use among employees.  minimising water pollution our aim is to identify key sources of water pollution and opportunities to minimise it including ensuring that wastewater is treated to meet or exceed environmental standards before discharge.  complying with regulations we will pursue compliance with waterrelated regulations and standards that apply to our business.  this involves monitoring regulatory changes and implementing due diligence procedures where relevant.  managing waterrelated risks impacts dependencies and opportunities we will regularly assess waterrelated risks and impacts pertaining to our own operations and value chain and develop strategies to manage and mitigate material issues

Score 0.599
the estimation is based primarily on data from the literature and the range is adjusted to account for geography nature of activities in these spaces primarily nonintensive water use activities where a high share of water withdrawn is returned to the sewer system.  for logistics facilities e. g.  fulfilment centres water consumption is estimated to be of the water withdrawn from the water supply network.  the estimation is based primarily on data from the literature and the range is adjusted to account for geography and the nature of activities in these spaces

Score 0.596
nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by incineration . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by landfilling . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by other disposal operations . nonrecycled waste in tons . percentage of nonrecycled waste

Score 0.588
is incinerated and just .  is disposed by landfilling.  waste categorisation and data collection our waste is categorised as either hazardous or nonhazardous with key examples of each as follows nonhazardous waste .  of total waste generated includes paper cardboard metals plastic packaging biodegradable kitchen waste and nondangerous electronic waste.  hazardous waste

Score 0.585
is disposed by landfilling.  waste categorisation and data collection our waste is categorised as either hazardous or nonhazardous with key examples of each as follows nonhazardous waste .  of total waste generated includes paper cardboard metals plastic packaging biodegradable kitchen waste and nondangerous electronic waste.  hazardous waste .  of total waste generated includes certain beauty products dangerous ewaste and packaging materials containing chemicals

Score 0.581
hazardous waste .  of total waste generated includes certain beauty products dangerous ewaste and packaging materials containing chemicals. waste data is collected at the site level where waste quantities and treatment routes are documented by our waste service providers.  precise weighing ensures accuracy and any missing data is estimated based on averages from similar sites or previous time periods. we do not provide comparative data for the first year of preparing the sustainability statement except in cases where data has been disclosed in previous years and is comparable meaning it aligns in terms of scope and methodology with the current years figures

Score 0.578
nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by other disposal operations . nonrecycled waste in tons . percentage of nonrecycled waste . companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report .

Score 0.576
.  environmental information. pollution industryspecific processes may adversely affect water quality.  for instance synthetic fibres shedding microplastics and the application of pesticides and fertilisers in cotton farming can contaminate soil and water sources.  to address this issue we have implemented chemical compliance programmes to minimise harmful discharges

Score 0.575
fuel and energyrelated activities tcoeq .  . upstream transportation and distribution tcoeq .  . waste generated in operations tcoeq

Score 0.572
companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report .  of our total generated waste is recycled while only .  is incinerated and just .  is disposed by landfilling.  waste categorisation and data collection our waste is categorised as either hazardous or nonhazardous with key examples of each as follows nonhazardous waste

Score 0.571
this assessment may also include identifying dependencies on water resources in alignment with leading guidance and frameworks.  engaging stakeholders we will engage with stakeholders to gain additional insight build awareness and collaborate on waterrelated initiatives to promote the minimisation of our water consumption and water pollution.  enhancing product and service design we will continue to integrate sustainable business practices including water efficiency and water pollution prevention into the design and classification of our products and services.  this includes identifying materials and processes which require less water and which generate minimal wastewater. the scope of our water management policy in includes water management and the identification of opportunities for reducing water consumption in our fulfilment centres and offices minimisation of water use and improved water management including pollution and water treatment for priority private labels value chain partners

Score 0.571
water consumption is estimated to be of the water withdrawn from the water supply network.  the estimation is based primarily on data from the literature and the range is adjusted to account for geography nature of activities in these spaces primarily nonintensive water use activities where a high share of water withdrawn is returned to the sewer system.  for logistics facilities e. g.  fulfilment centres water consumption is estimated to be of the water withdrawn from the water supply network

Score 0.57
for nonlogistics facilities e. g.  office spaces showrooms retail spaces etc.  no water is recycled and reused.  for logistics facilities e

Score 0.568
managing waterrelated risks impacts dependencies and opportunities we will regularly assess waterrelated risks and impacts pertaining to our own operations and value chain and develop strategies to manage and mitigate material issues.  this assessment may also include identifying dependencies on water resources in alignment with leading guidance and frameworks.  engaging stakeholders we will engage with stakeholders to gain additional insight build awareness and collaborate on waterrelated initiatives to promote the minimisation of our water consumption and water pollution.  enhancing product and service design we will continue to integrate sustainable business practices including water efficiency and water pollution prevention into the design and classification of our products and services.  this includes identifying materials and processes which require less water and which generate minimal wastewater

Score 0.564
of total waste generated includes certain beauty products dangerous ewaste and packaging materials containing chemicals. waste data is collected at the site level where waste quantities and treatment routes are documented by our waste service providers.  precise weighing ensures accuracy and any missing data is estimated based on averages from similar sites or previous time periods. we do not provide comparative data for the first year of preparing the sustainability statement except in cases where data has been disclosed in previous years and is comparable meaning it aligns in terms of scope and methodology with the current years figures.  since the and waste data are not directly comparable due to the aggregation of the waste data in accordance with the applicable esrs scope we do not disclose the waste data

Score 0.564
companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report resource outflows wastetotal waste generated in tons . total hazardous waste generated . total nonhazardous waste generated . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal in tons . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to preparation for reuse

Score 0.561
these other operating expenses relate to disposals of assets refer to sections . .  .  property plant and equipment .

Score 0.56
office spaces showrooms retail spaces etc.  no water is recycled and reused.  for logistics facilities e. g.  fulfilment centres no water is recycled and reused

Score 0.559
nonrecycled waste in tons . percentage of nonrecycled waste . companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report . .  social informationesrs s own workforcematerial iros and their interaction with strategy and business model and interests and views of stakeholdersour workforce encompasses a diverse array of job families and capabilities and comprises employees in overhead functions such as finance human resources it marketing overhead employees nonoverhead employees working in our logistic centres outlet stores or customers care centres and nonemployees individuals working at thirdparty contractors who a re materially impacted by our own operations

Score 0.553
g.  office spaces showrooms retail spaces etc.  no water is recycled and reused.  for logistics facilities e. g

Score 0.551
office spaces showrooms retail spaces etc.  water consumption is estimated to be of the water withdrawn from the water supply network.  the estimation is based primarily on data from the literature and the range is adjusted to account for geography nature of activities in these spaces primarily nonintensive water use activities where a high share of water withdrawn is returned to the sewer system.  for logistics facilities e. g

Score 0.548
this involves monitoring regulatory changes and implementing due diligence procedures where relevant.  managing waterrelated risks impacts dependencies and opportunities we will regularly assess waterrelated risks and impacts pertaining to our own operations and value chain and develop strategies to manage and mitigate material issues.  this assessment may also include identifying dependencies on water resources in alignment with leading guidance and frameworks.  engaging stakeholders we will engage with stakeholders to gain additional insight build awareness and collaborate on waterrelated initiatives to promote the minimisation of our water consumption and water pollution.  enhancing product and service design we will continue to integrate sustainable business practices including water efficiency and water pollution prevention into the design and classification of our products and services

Score 0.547
water management is critical for the resilience of our business operations and value chain.  the aim of our water management policy is to minimise our water consumption and water pollution comply with regulatory requirements and ensure the responsible use of water resources across our own operations and value chain. companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report our water stewardship guiding objectives and management principles are pursuing efficient water use we are dedicated to measuring our water footprint and identifying opportunities to reduce water consumption especially in areas of limited water availability and higher water stress and enhancing water efficiency across our operations while promoting best practice for water use across our value chain.  this could include adopting watersaving technologies optimising processes to reduce water consumption and promoting responsible water use among employees.  minimising water pollution our aim is to identify key sources of water pollution and opportunities to minimise it including ensuring that wastewater is treated to meet or exceed environmental standards before discharge

Score 0.546
g.  office spaces showrooms retail spaces etc.  water consumption is estimated to be of the water withdrawn from the water supply network.  the estimation is based primarily on data from the literature and the range is adjusted to account for geography nature of activities in these spaces primarily nonintensive water use activities where a high share of water withdrawn is returned to the sewer system.  for logistics facilities e

Score 0.543
this includes identifying materials and processes which require less water and which generate minimal wastewater. the scope of our water management policy in includes water management and the identification of opportunities for reducing water consumption in our fulfilment centres and offices minimisation of water use and improved water management including pollution and water treatment for priority private labels value chain partners. within our management board the highest level of responsibility with respect to the oversight of environmentrelated topics including water lies with our coceo robert gentz.  the coceo is the highest decisionmaking body for waterrelated issues.  our water management policy and initiatives the water risk assessment for our own operations and the water footprint calculation align with the principles of both the alliance for water stewards hip standard and the ceo water mandate in terms of identifying water stress and waterrelated risks

Score 0.543
of which transitional .  a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activitiesacquisition andownership ofbuildings ccm .  .

Score 0.543
complying with regulations we will pursue compliance with waterrelated regulations and standards that apply to our business.  this involves monitoring regulatory changes and implementing due diligence procedures where relevant.  managing waterrelated risks impacts dependencies and opportunities we will regularly assess waterrelated risks and impacts pertaining to our own operations and value chain and develop strategies to manage and mitigate material issues.  this assessment may also include identifying dependencies on water resources in alignment with leading guidance and frameworks.  engaging stakeholders we will engage with stakeholders to gain additional insight build awareness and collaborate on waterrelated initiatives to promote the minimisation of our water consumption and water pollution

Score 0.543
we work with multiple producer responsibility organisations pros across our markets to ensure responsible collection recycling and disposal of products and packaging.  this collaboration ensures compliance with epr regulations and supports recycling infrastructure.  to meet our epr obligations we submit detailed reports to authorities and pros enhancing transparency in our waste management processes.  additionally we contribute financially through epr fees helping to support efficient product disposal and recycling. companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report resource outflows wastetotal waste generated in tons

Score 0.542
the assessment covered logistics and nonlogistics sites .  among all zalando sites only our fulfilment centre in lodz poland is classified as in an area at high overall water risk.  water consumption in areas at water risk is calculated as the sum of all water consumption at facilities that are located in areas of high and extremely high overall water risk scores from to .  total water recycled and reused the total water recycled and reused is the amount of water and wastewater treated or untreated that has been used more than once within zalando before being discharged.  for nonlogistics facilities e

Score 0.54
waste data is collected at the site level where waste quantities and treatment routes are documented by our waste service providers.  precise weighing ensures accuracy and any missing data is estimated based on averages from similar sites or previous time periods. we do not provide comparative data for the first year of preparing the sustainability statement except in cases where data has been disclosed in previous years and is comparable meaning it aligns in terms of scope and methodology with the current years figures.  since the and waste data are not directly comparable due to the aggregation of the waste data in accordance with the applicable esrs scope we do not disclose the waste data. extended producer responsibility epr as part of our commitment to responsible waste management we participate in epr programmes

Score 0.537
to meet our epr obligations we submit detailed reports to authorities and pros enhancing transparency in our waste management processes.  additionally we contribute financially through epr fees helping to support efficient product disposal and recycling. companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report resource outflows wastetotal waste generated in tons . total hazardous waste generated . total nonhazardous waste generated

Score 0.537
pollution industryspecific processes may adversely affect water quality.  for instance synthetic fibres shedding microplastics and the application of pesticides and fertilisers in cotton farming can contaminate soil and water sources.  to address this issue we have implemented chemical compliance programmes to minimise harmful discharges.  linked to our circularity goal we aim t o reduce our environmental impact and enhance clothing quality by sourcing alternative chemicals and fibres as well as by recycling clothing.  for further information please refer to esrs e pollution in section

Score 0.537
for further information please refer to esrs e pollution in section . .  environmental information. water resources our business relies on continuous water availability with water scarcity and quality issues already evident.  water is crucial throughout our own operations and value chain from cotton cultivation to garment maintenance and corporate operations

Score 0.536
the aim of our water management policy is to minimise our water consumption and water pollution comply with regulatory requirements and ensure the responsible use of water resources across our own operations and value chain. companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report our water stewardship guiding objectives and management principles are pursuing efficient water use we are dedicated to measuring our water footprint and identifying opportunities to reduce water consumption especially in areas of limited water availability and higher water stress and enhancing water efficiency across our operations while promoting best practice for water use across our value chain.  this could include adopting watersaving technologies optimising processes to reduce water consumption and promoting responsible water use among employees.  minimising water pollution our aim is to identify key sources of water pollution and opportunities to minimise it including ensuring that wastewater is treated to meet or exceed environmental standards before discharge.  complying with regulations we will pursue compliance with waterrelated regulations and standards that apply to our business

Score 0.535
the calculation is performed on via the world resources institute aqueduct tool which returns values for the total water risk on a scale from low risk to extremely high risk.  the assessment covered logistics and nonlogistics sites .  among all zalando sites only our fulfilment centre in lodz poland is classified as in an area at high overall water risk.  water consumption in areas at water risk is calculated as the sum of all water consumption at facilities that are located in areas of high and extremely high overall water risk scores from to .  total water recycled and reused the total water recycled and reused is the amount of water and wastewater treated or untreated that has been used more than once within zalando before being discharged

Score 0.533
additionally we contribute financially through epr fees helping to support efficient product disposal and recycling. companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report resource outflows wastetotal waste generated in tons . total hazardous waste generated . total nonhazardous waste generated . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal in tons

Score 0.53
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedopex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  .  . of which enabling .  of which transitional

Score 0.529
enhancing product and service design we will continue to integrate sustainable business practices including water efficiency and water pollution prevention into the design and classification of our products and services.  this includes identifying materials and processes which require less water and which generate minimal wastewater. the scope of our water management policy in includes water management and the identification of opportunities for reducing water consumption in our fulfilment centres and offices minimisation of water use and improved water management including pollution and water treatment for priority private labels value chain partners. within our management board the highest level of responsibility with respect to the oversight of environmentrelated topics including water lies with our coceo robert gentz.  the coceo is the highest decisionmaking body for waterrelated issues

Score 0.529
we are considering water quality quantity and risk and stress levers.  the monitoring of water consumption will be used to track the effectiveness of our water management policy related to water quantity for our own operations.  as the policy emphasises efficient water use tracking consumption will allow us to measure progress towards our objectives.  the year will act as the baseline for future evaluations providing a reference point for our ongoing improvement efforts. metrics for our water consumptionin we focused on establishing our corporate water footprint and water risk assessment starting with our own operations water metrics calculation

Score 0.529
disposals are mainly related to other equipment furniture and fixtures scrapped in the financial year . depreciation of property plant and equipment totalled . m eur prior year . m eur . of this an a mount of

Score 0.527
engaging stakeholders we will engage with stakeholders to gain additional insight build awareness and collaborate on waterrelated initiatives to promote the minimisation of our water consumption and water pollution.  enhancing product and service design we will continue to integrate sustainable business practices including water efficiency and water pollution prevention into the design and classification of our products and services.  this includes identifying materials and processes which require less water and which generate minimal wastewater. the scope of our water management policy in includes water management and the identification of opportunities for reducing water consumption in our fulfilment centres and offices minimisation of water use and improved water management including pollution and water treatment for priority private labels value chain partners. within our management board the highest level of responsibility with respect to the oversight of environmentrelated topics including water lies with our coceo robert gentz

Score 0.527
property plant and equipmentproperty plant and equipment are recogni sed at cost and depreciated in accordance with their expected useful life using the straightline method.  depreciation is presented within the functional area to which it relates.  the following useful lives are applieduseful livesyearsleasehold improvements plant and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures an item of property plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no further economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal.  any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset is included in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised. the residual values useful lives and methods of depreciation of property plant and equipment are reviewed at the end of each financial year and adjusted prospectively if appropriate

Score 0.526
. disposals.  . . depreciation

Score 0.526
. disposals. . . depreciation

Score 0.525
insufficient chemical management practices could result in the release of harmful substances into the environment. actual year and potential yearslinked to zalandoesrs e water resourceswater water consumption water withdrawals water dischargesnegative impacts vc zalandos portfolio production could contribute to the depletion of local water resources.  waterintensive processes such as farming textile treatment with chemicals and customer use e. g.  washing of garments during product use require substantial water and energy inputs impacting water availability and quality

Score 0.525
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedturnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  .  . of which enabling .  of which transitional

Score 0.525
total water recycled and reused the total water recycled and reused is the amount of water and wastewater treated or untreated that has been used more than once within zalando before being discharged.  for nonlogistics facilities e. g.  office spaces showrooms retail spaces etc.  no water is recycled and reused

Score 0.523
companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report our water stewardship guiding objectives and management principles are pursuing efficient water use we are dedicated to measuring our water footprint and identifying opportunities to reduce water consumption especially in areas of limited water availability and higher water stress and enhancing water efficiency across our operations while promoting best practice for water use across our value chain.  this could include adopting watersaving technologies optimising processes to reduce water consumption and promoting responsible water use among employees.  minimising water pollution our aim is to identify key sources of water pollution and opportunities to minimise it including ensuring that wastewater is treated to meet or exceed environmental standards before discharge.  complying with regulations we will pursue compliance with waterrelated regulations and standards that apply to our business.  this involves monitoring regulatory changes and implementing due diligence procedures where relevant

Score 0.522
disposals.  . . depreciation.

Score 0.522
disposals. . . depreciation.

Score 0.522
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyalignedcapex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  .  . of which enabling .  of which transitional

Score 0.522
m eur prior year . m eur.  disposals are mainly related to other equipment furniture and fixtures scrapped in the financial year . depreciation of property plant and equipment totalled . m eur prior year

Score 0.522
g.  fulfilment centres water consumption is estimated to be of the water withdrawn from the water supply network.  the estimation is based primarily on data from the literature and the range is adjusted to account for geography and the nature of activities in these spaces.  ultimately our total water consumption is calculated as the sum of all water consumption in m at facilities in our own operations. total water consumption in areas at water risk to identify areas of high water risk we employ a composite index approach that aggregates multiple waterrelated risks i

Score 0.521
the absolute weight of secondary reused or recycled components secondary intermediary products and secondary materials used to manufacture the undertakings products and services in tons. products . packaging . percentage of secondary reused or recycled components secondary intermediary products and packaging and secondary materials. products

Score 0.521
the following useful lives are applieduseful livesyearsleasehold improvements plant and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures an item of property plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no further economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal.  any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset is included in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised. the residual values useful lives and methods of depreciation of property plant and equipment are reviewed at the end of each financial year and adjusted prospectively if appropriate. impairment of nonfinancial assetsat each reporting date t he group assesses whether there is any indication that a nonfinancial asset reported in the statement of financial position may be impaired.  if any indication exists or when annual impairment testing is required the group carries out an impairment test

Score 0.519
environmental information. pollution industryspecific processes may adversely affect water quality.  for instance synthetic fibres shedding microplastics and the application of pesticides and fertilisers in cotton farming can contaminate soil and water sources.  to address this issue we have implemented chemical compliance programmes to minimise harmful discharges.  linked to our circularity goal we aim t o reduce our environmental impact and enhance clothing quality by sourcing alternative chemicals and fibres as well as by recycling clothing

Score 0.519
companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report water consumption for each zalando logistics and nonlogistics site the values for water consumption are estimated based on the measured water withdrawal data from the water supply network for nonlogistics facilities e. g.  office spaces showrooms retail spaces etc.  water consumption is estimated to be of the water withdrawn from the water supply network.  the estimation is based primarily on data from the literature and the range is adjusted to account for geography nature of activities in these spaces primarily nonintensive water use activities where a high share of water withdrawn is returned to the sewer system

Score 0.518
opportunities centre on the potential to enable collective action on water stewardship.  no iros related to marine resources were identified as our business does not rely on marine resources.  we have not screened our assets and activities to identify the iros .  however in we undertook an assessment of water risk areas related to our own operations .  this assessment specifically focuses on our direct impact on water consumption in these water risk regions with further details provided in the following section

Score 0.517
m eur.  disposals are mainly related to other equipment furniture and fixtures scrapped in the financial year . depreciation of property plant and equipment totalled . m eur prior year . m eur

Score 0.516
participating factories develop and sign off on action plans to improve their water and energy management.  for further information on the initiative please refer to actions and resources related to climate change policies in section esrs e climate change. target s related to water managementwe are currently in the e xploratory phase and have not yet set specific water targets in line with the esrs .  we are considering water quality quantity and risk and stress levers.  the monitoring of water consumption will be used to track the effectiveness of our water management policy related to water quantity for our own operations

Score 0.516
the scope of our water management policy in includes water management and the identification of opportunities for reducing water consumption in our fulfilment centres and offices minimisation of water use and improved water management including pollution and water treatment for priority private labels value chain partners. within our management board the highest level of responsibility with respect to the oversight of environmentrelated topics including water lies with our coceo robert gentz.  the coceo is the highest decisionmaking body for waterrelated issues.  our water management policy and initiatives the water risk assessment for our own operations and the water footprint calculation align with the principles of both the alliance for water stewards hip standard and the ceo water mandate in terms of identifying water stress and waterrelated risks.  we plan further alignment with these and other related principles and objectives of internationally recognised standards for water management to guide our efforts in sustainable water use pollution control and watershed protection

Score 0.512
of our total generated waste. companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report .  of our total generated waste is recycled while only .  is incinerated and just .  is disposed by landfilling

Score 0.511
depreciation is presented within the functional area to which it relates.  the following useful lives are applieduseful livesyearsleasehold improvements plant and machinery other equipment furniture and fixtures an item of property plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no further economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal.  any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset is included in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised. the residual values useful lives and methods of depreciation of property plant and equipment are reviewed at the end of each financial year and adjusted prospectively if appropriate. impairment of nonfinancial assetsat each reporting date t he group assesses whether there is any indication that a nonfinancial asset reported in the statement of financial position may be impaired

Score 0.509
as a result of the above textile waste accounts only for .  of our total generated waste. companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report .  of our total generated waste is recycled while only .  is incinerated and just

Score 0.508
water consumption in areas at water risk is calculated as the sum of all water consumption at facilities that are located in areas of high and extremely high overall water risk scores from to .  total water recycled and reused the total water recycled and reused is the amount of water and wastewater treated or untreated that has been used more than once within zalando before being discharged.  for nonlogistics facilities e. g.  office spaces showrooms retail spaces etc

Score 0.507
a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a.  a.  .

Score 0.506
dindicator no table annex not material not applicableesrs epara.  dindicator no table annex material esrs epara.  indicator no table annex material only hazardous wasteesrs sbm spara.  findicator no table annex imaterial esrs sbm spara.  gindicator no table annex imaterial esrs spara

Score 0.506
this assessment specifically focuses on our direct impact on water consumption in these water risk regions with further details provided in the following section.  in we conducted a water risk assessment for our private labels for major tier wet processing facilities and going forward we aim to pay particular attention to our private labels water impact particularly in high water stress areas.  direct consultations with affected communities have not been conducted. polic ies related to waterwe established our water management policy in reflecting ou r ambition to addressing the critical water challenges associated with our own operations and value chain.  this policy sets the foundation for managing water consumption and pollution and for managing waterrelated risks

Score 0.505
fulfilment centres water consumption is estimated to be of the water withdrawn from the water supply network.  the estimation is based primarily on data from the literature and the range is adjusted to account for geography and the nature of activities in these spaces.  ultimately our total water consumption is calculated as the sum of all water consumption in m at facilities in our own operations. total water consumption in areas at water risk to identify areas of high water risk we employ a composite index approach that aggregates multiple waterrelated risks i. e

Score 0.505
furthermore since we did not identify any taxonomyeligible turnover we could not calculate any taxonomyaligned turnover .  nuclear and fossil gas related activitiesnuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures tor research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle. no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies. no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades. nofossil gas related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels

Score 0.504
m eur .  these other operating expenses relate to disposals of assets refer to sections . .  .  property plant and equipment

Score 0.504
environmental information. water resources our business relies on continuous water availability with water scarcity and quality issues already evident.  water is crucial throughout our own operations and value chain from cotton cultivation to garment maintenance and corporate operations.  in we conducted our first water risk assessment starting with our own operations and a strategy will be developed based on the findings.  for further information please refer to esrs e water resources in section

Score 0.504
polic ies related to waterwe established our water management policy in reflecting ou r ambition to addressing the critical water challenges associated with our own operations and value chain.  this policy sets the foundation for managing water consumption and pollution and for managing waterrelated risks.  we are dedicated to continuously expanding and refining our water management approach in the future in alignment with industry best practices and stakeholder expectations.  water management is critical for the resilience of our business operations and value chain.  the aim of our water management policy is to minimise our water consumption and water pollution comply with regulatory requirements and ensure the responsible use of water resources across our own operations and value chain

Score 0.504
companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report esrs e pollutionidentification and assessment of material pollutionrelated iroswe have identified five significant environmental impacts and associated human health concerns related to pollution.  these impacts are as follows water pollution arising from the material processing phase particularly during dyeing and involving the use of water and chemicals.  microplastic release synthetic fibres contribute to the release of microplastics during washing cycles posing risks to aquatic ecosystems and human health.  air pollution caused by fragmented value chains that depend on longdistance transportation leading to increased emissions.  soil pollution resulting from the use of pesticides and fertilisers in the conventional farming of natural fibres which contaminate both soil and water sources

Score 0.503
total water consumption in areas at material water risk including areas of highwater stressm. total water recycled and reused m. total water stored m. water intensity mm eur . our disclosed water metrics are based on the measurements of water withdrawals for our logistics and nonlogistics sites in our own operations

Score 0.503
target s related to water managementwe are currently in the e xploratory phase and have not yet set specific water targets in line with the esrs .  we are considering water quality quantity and risk and stress levers.  the monitoring of water consumption will be used to track the effectiveness of our water management policy related to water quantity for our own operations.  as the policy emphasises efficient water use tracking consumption will allow us to measure progress towards our objectives.  the year will act as the baseline for future evaluations providing a reference point for our ongoing improvement efforts

Score 0.503
however in we undertook an assessment of water risk areas related to our own operations .  this assessment specifically focuses on our direct impact on water consumption in these water risk regions with further details provided in the following section.  in we conducted a water risk assessment for our private labels for major tier wet processing facilities and going forward we aim to pay particular attention to our private labels water impact particularly in high water stress areas.  direct consultations with affected communities have not been conducted. polic ies related to waterwe established our water management policy in reflecting ou r ambition to addressing the critical water challenges associated with our own operations and value chain

Score 0.502
soil pollution resulting from the use of pesticides and fertilisers in the conventional farming of natural fibres which contaminate both soil and water sources.  chemical pollution processes such as bleaching printing and finishing often involve harmful chemicals that if not properly managed can be released into the environment. the material environmental impacts resulting from the dma occur during the production and distribution stages including raw material extraction textile production and transportation.  these stages are outside our direct operations .  within our own operations emissions are comparatively nonsignificant

Score 0.501
share of the measure obtained from direct measurement . total water consumption in areas at material water risk including areas of highwater stressm. total water recycled and reused m. total water stored m. water intensity mm eur

Score 0.5
companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report actions and resources related to water managementour key action is the factory improvement programme the initiative to engage factories in our private labels value chain to address their carbon and water impacts.  participating factories develop and sign off on action plans to improve their water and energy management.  for further information on the initiative please refer to actions and resources related to climate change policies in section esrs e climate change. target s related to water managementwe are currently in the e xploratory phase and have not yet set specific water targets in line with the esrs .  we are considering water quality quantity and risk and stress levers

Score 0.498
processing of sold products tcoeq .  . use of sold products tcoeq .  . endoflife treatment of sold products tcoeq

Score 0.497
we are dedicated to continuously expanding and refining our water management approach in the future in alignment with industry best practices and stakeholder expectations.  water management is critical for the resilience of our business operations and value chain.  the aim of our water management policy is to minimise our water consumption and water pollution comply with regulatory requirements and ensure the responsible use of water resources across our own operations and value chain. companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report our water stewardship guiding objectives and management principles are pursuing efficient water use we are dedicated to measuring our water footprint and identifying opportunities to reduce water consumption especially in areas of limited water availability and higher water stress and enhancing water efficiency across our operations while promoting best practice for water use across our value chain.  this could include adopting watersaving technologies optimising processes to reduce water consumption and promoting responsible water use among employees

Score 0.496
for nonlogistics facilities e. g.  office spaces showrooms retail spaces etc.  the volume of water stored is reported equal to the storing capacity of the water tanks at each site.  for logistics facilities e

Score 0.496
water resources our business relies on continuous water availability with water scarcity and quality issues already evident.  water is crucial throughout our own operations and value chain from cotton cultivation to garment maintenance and corporate operations.  in we conducted our first water risk assessment starting with our own operations and a strategy will be developed based on the findings.  for further information please refer to esrs e water resources in section .