Scores_c_MANUFACTURINGScore 0.577
waste categorisation and data collection our waste is categorised as either hazardous or nonhazardous with key examples of each as follows nonhazardous waste .  of total waste generated includes paper cardboard metals plastic packaging biodegradable kitchen waste and nondangerous electronic waste.  hazardous waste .  of total waste generated includes certain beauty products dangerous ewaste and packaging materials containing chemicals. waste data is collected at the site level where waste quantities and treatment routes are documented by our waste service providers

Score 0.561
these stages are outside our direct operations .  within our own operations emissions are comparatively nonsignificant.  for example noncarbon emissions to air of our fulfilment centres are significantly lower than the emissions generated by the manufacturing processes.  similarly microplastics potentially generated from our operations if present are minimal compared to the microplastics generated during the use phase of a fashion product over its life span.  we did not screen site locations for pollutionrelated iros as none of the sites under our operation and control have emission sources that require reporting according to regulation ec no of the european parliament and of the council european pollutant release and transfer register eprtr regulation

Score 0.556
total hazardous waste generated . total nonhazardous waste generated . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal in tons . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to preparation for reuse . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to recycling

Score 0.554
the absolute weight of secondary reused or recycled components secondary intermediary products and secondary materials used to manufacture the undertakings products and services in tons. products . packaging . percentage of secondary reused or recycled components secondary intermediary products and packaging and secondary materials. products

Score 0.549
this involves assessing the material composition of the packaging the presence of appropriate sorting and recycling infrastructure and ensuring the packaging can substitute virgin material in typical applications after recycling.  we consider a material as recyclable when we have self declarations from suppliers or when the specifications of the material indicate that it is paper paperboard or cardboard and aligns with the definition of fibrous material in the standard mentioned above. the rate of recyclable content in products packaging in is .  . waste in the fashion ecommerce sector waste generation primarily comes from two sources packaging and textile waste

Score 0.546
material and component production producers convert fibres into yarn and yarn into fabric.  product manufacturing our private labels and brand partners work with suppliers and factories to create products.  procurement and buying we present the creations of thousands of brands to our customers.  transport our logistics partners transport products to our fulfilment and return centres.  fulfilment our products are stored in fulfilment centres and shipped when customers place orders

Score 0.537
chemical pollution processes such as bleaching printing and finishing often involve harmful chemicals that if not properly managed can be released into the environment. the material environmental impacts resulting from the dma occur during the production and distribution stages including raw material extraction textile production and transportation.  these stages are outside our direct operations .  within our own operations emissions are comparatively nonsignificant.  for example noncarbon emissions to air of our fulfilment centres are significantly lower than the emissions generated by the manufacturing processes

Score 0.535
category processing of sold products we do not sell intermediate products for further processing.  category downstream leased assets we do not lease any assets to third parties that are not already accounted for under scope and .  category franchises we have no franchises making this category irrelevant to our operations. category purchased goods and services this category covers all upstream emissions from the production of products acquired and delivered to us including raw material extraction manufacturing and transportation up to the tier supplier.  given the scale of our operations these emissions are the most significant scope and overall ghg category

Score 0.534
recyclable content in product packaging our current methodology considers product packaging recyclable if the material making up of the product packaging meets specific criteria for recycling processes.  according to the minimum standard defined by the central agency packaging register zentrale stelle verpackungsregister mechanically recyclable means that the packaging can be sorted and processed using available industrial recycling technologies to produce highquality recyclates.  this involves assessing the material composition of the packaging the presence of appropriate sorting and recycling infrastructure and ensuring the packaging can substitute virgin material in typical applications after recycling.  we consider a material as recyclable when we have self declarations from suppliers or when the specifications of the material indicate that it is paper paperboard or cardboard and aligns with the definition of fibrous material in the standard mentioned above. the rate of recyclable content in products packaging in is

Score 0.533
air pollution caused by fragmented value chains that depend on longdistance transportation leading to increased emissions.  soil pollution resulting from the use of pesticides and fertilisers in the conventional farming of natural fibres which contaminate both soil and water sources.  chemical pollution processes such as bleaching printing and finishing often involve harmful chemicals that if not properly managed can be released into the environment. the material environmental impacts resulting from the dma occur during the production and distribution stages including raw material extraction textile production and transportation.  these stages are outside our direct operations

Score 0.53
of our total generated waste is recycled while only .  is incinerated and just .  is disposed by landfilling.  waste categorisation and data collection our waste is categorised as either hazardous or nonhazardous with key examples of each as follows nonhazardous waste .  of total waste generated includes paper cardboard metals plastic packaging biodegradable kitchen waste and nondangerous electronic waste

Score 0.524
total nonhazardous waste generated . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal in tons . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to preparation for reuse . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to recycling . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to other recovery operations

Score 0.521
of total waste generated includes paper cardboard metals plastic packaging biodegradable kitchen waste and nondangerous electronic waste.  hazardous waste .  of total waste generated includes certain beauty products dangerous ewaste and packaging materials containing chemicals. waste data is collected at the site level where waste quantities and treatment routes are documented by our waste service providers.  precise weighing ensures accuracy and any missing data is estimated based on averages from similar sites or previous time periods

Score 0.52
warehousing office and showrooms have a relatively low water usage.  we acknowledge that our more significant water impacts lie within our upstream value chain particularly in raw material extraction product manufacturing and downstream activities related to product use.  esrs e resource use and circular economyidentification and assessment of material resource use and circular economyrelated irosto identify the environmental impact potential related to the circular economy we conducted life cycle assessments lcas in and updated them in during the dma.  they encompassed different circular business models such as preowned takeback care and repair and reusable packaging.  the lca results highlighted that raw material extraction and processing were the most significant environmental impact areas of a products life cycle

Score 0.519
according to the minimum standard defined by the central agency packaging register zentrale stelle verpackungsregister mechanically recyclable means that the packaging can be sorted and processed using available industrial recycling technologies to produce highquality recyclates.  this involves assessing the material composition of the packaging the presence of appropriate sorting and recycling infrastructure and ensuring the packaging can substitute virgin material in typical applications after recycling.  we consider a material as recyclable when we have self declarations from suppliers or when the specifications of the material indicate that it is paper paperboard or cardboard and aligns with the definition of fibrous material in the standard mentioned above. the rate of recyclable content in products packaging in is .

Score 0.517
is disposed by landfilling.  waste categorisation and data collection our waste is categorised as either hazardous or nonhazardous with key examples of each as follows nonhazardous waste .  of total waste generated includes paper cardboard metals plastic packaging biodegradable kitchen waste and nondangerous electronic waste.  hazardous waste .  of total waste generated includes certain beauty products dangerous ewaste and packaging materials containing chemicals

Score 0.513
in line with this objective we have excluded the recyclability of products from the sustainability statement as we believe current methodologies would not deliver the level of transparency and consistency required. recyclable content in product packaging our current methodology considers product packaging recyclable if the material making up of the product packaging meets specific criteria for recycling processes.  according to the minimum standard defined by the central agency packaging register zentrale stelle verpackungsregister mechanically recyclable means that the packaging can be sorted and processed using available industrial recycling technologies to produce highquality recyclates.  this involves assessing the material composition of the packaging the presence of appropriate sorting and recycling infrastructure and ensuring the packaging can substitute virgin material in typical applications after recycling.  we consider a material as recyclable when we have self declarations from suppliers or when the specifications of the material indicate that it is paper paperboard or cardboard and aligns with the definition of fibrous material in the standard mentioned above

Score 0.511
percentage of biological materials that is sustainably sourced . products . packaging . the absolute weight of secondary reused or recycled components secondary intermediary products and secondary materials used to manufacture the undertakings products and services in tons. products

Score 0.508
regulation eu article material esrs epara.  regulation eu annex ii regulation eu annex iimaterial phasedin not applicable phasedinesrs epara.  aesrs epara.  carticle a regulation eu no regulation eu paragraphs and template material phasedin not applicable phasedinesrs epara.  carticle a regulation eu no regulation eu paragraph template material phasedin not applicable phasedinesrs epara

Score 0.508
overall total weight of products and biological materials . percentage of biological materials that is sustainably sourced . products . packaging . the absolute weight of secondary reused or recycled components secondary intermediary products and secondary materials used to manufacture the undertakings products and services in tons

Score 0.507
products . packaging . percentage of secondary reused or recycled components secondary intermediary products and packaging and secondary materials. products . packaging

Score 0.505
this includes materials adhering to thirdparty certifications or licensed or trademarked standards such as the global recycle stan dard and the global organic textile standard.  packaging material is considered sustainably sourced if it meets one of the following conditions i the supplier provides material that is specifically fsccertified ii the supplier holds an fsc certificate for their company and zalando includes a contractual requirement that all materials delivered must be fsccertified or iii the packaging is labelled as fsc mix or fsc recycled confirming compliance with fsc sustainability standards.  sustainably sourced and recycled material data undergo automated validation processes to ensure accuracy and applicability.  additionally a binary classification system is applied to distinguish between technical and biological materials.  data duplication is prevented via various mechanisms including i building distinct article provision into the calculation methodology ii ensuring comparability of data across metrics iii comparing of aggregate data results with ghg accounting results and iv testing results for duplication prior to calculation

Score 0.504
the material environmental impacts resulting from the dma occur during the production and distribution stages including raw material extraction textile production and transportation.  these stages are outside our direct operations .  within our own operations emissions are comparatively nonsignificant.  for example noncarbon emissions to air of our fulfilment centres are significantly lower than the emissions generated by the manufacturing processes.  similarly microplastics potentially generated from our operations if present are minimal compared to the microplastics generated during the use phase of a fashion product over its life span

Score 0.503
is incinerated and just .  is disposed by landfilling.  waste categorisation and data collection our waste is categorised as either hazardous or nonhazardous with key examples of each as follows nonhazardous waste .  of total waste generated includes paper cardboard metals plastic packaging biodegradable kitchen waste and nondangerous electronic waste.  hazardous waste

Score 0.501
packaging . percentage of secondary reused or recycled components secondary intermediary products and packaging and secondary materials. products . packaging . resource outflowsdurability after conducting an indepth market analysis and a durability maturity assessment we found that no established methodology or industrywide averages exist for our product categories to make comparisons

Score 0.499
within our own operations emissions are comparatively nonsignificant.  for example noncarbon emissions to air of our fulfilment centres are significantly lower than the emissions generated by the manufacturing processes.  similarly microplastics potentially generated from our operations if present are minimal compared to the microplastics generated during the use phase of a fashion product over its life span.  we did not screen site locations for pollutionrelated iros as none of the sites under our operation and control have emission sources that require reporting according to regulation ec no of the european parliament and of the council european pollutant release and transfer register eprtr regulation.  affected communities along the value chain were not directly consulted during the dma

Score 0.498
the economic activity contributes substantially to one or more of the environmental objectives set out in article in accordance with articles to does not significantly harm any of the environmental objectives set out in article in accordance with article is carried out in compliance with minimum safeguards laid down in article and complies with technical screening criteria as defined by a substantial contribution to environmental objectives and adherence to the do no significant harm dnsh principle in accordance with article or . we started reporting according to the eu taxonomy regulation and the corresponding delegated acts in .  based on our first assessment we identified one material taxonomyeligible economic activity within our group related to the leasing of assets covering our office buildings outlets and logistic centres economic activity .  listed in annex i of the delegated regulation eu for which we reported taxonomyeligibility.  in reporting was expanded to include the assessment of the taxonomyalignment of activities within the zalando group

Score 0.497
no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies. no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades. nofossil gas related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels. no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of combined heatcool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels. no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishmentand operation of heat generation facilities that produce heatcool using fossil gaseous fuels

Score 0.494
csrd aims to standardise sustainability reporting across companies with sectorspecific standards expected to result in reliable and comparable information.  in line with this objective we have excluded the recyclability of products from the sustainability statement as we believe current methodologies would not deliver the level of transparency and consistency required. recyclable content in product packaging our current methodology considers product packaging recyclable if the material making up of the product packaging meets specific criteria for recycling processes.  according to the minimum standard defined by the central agency packaging register zentrale stelle verpackungsregister mechanically recyclable means that the packaging can be sorted and processed using available industrial recycling technologies to produce highquality recyclates.  this involves assessing the material composition of the packaging the presence of appropriate sorting and recycling infrastructure and ensuring the packaging can substitute virgin material in typical applications after recycling

Score 0.493
furthermore since we did not identify any taxonomyeligible turnover we could not calculate any taxonomyaligned turnover .  nuclear and fossil gas related activitiesnuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures tor research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle. no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies. no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades. nofossil gas related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels

Score 0.491
g.  warehousing office and showrooms have a relatively low water usage.  we acknowledge that our more significant water impacts lie within our upstream value chain particularly in raw material extraction product manufacturing and downstream activities related to product use.  esrs e resource use and circular economyidentification and assessment of material resource use and circular economyrelated irosto identify the environmental impact potential related to the circular economy we conducted life cycle assessments lcas in and updated them in during the dma.  they encompassed different circular business models such as preowned takeback care and repair and reusable packaging

Score 0.49
soil pollution resulting from the use of pesticides and fertilisers in the conventional farming of natural fibres which contaminate both soil and water sources.  chemical pollution processes such as bleaching printing and finishing often involve harmful chemicals that if not properly managed can be released into the environment. the material environmental impacts resulting from the dma occur during the production and distribution stages including raw material extraction textile production and transportation.  these stages are outside our direct operations .  within our own operations emissions are comparatively nonsignificant

Score 0.489
hazardous waste .  of total waste generated includes certain beauty products dangerous ewaste and packaging materials containing chemicals. waste data is collected at the site level where waste quantities and treatment routes are documented by our waste service providers.  precise weighing ensures accuracy and any missing data is estimated based on averages from similar sites or previous time periods. we do not provide comparative data for the first year of preparing the sustainability statement except in cases where data has been disclosed in previous years and is comparable meaning it aligns in terms of scope and methodology with the current years figures

Score 0.486
for example noncarbon emissions to air of our fulfilment centres are significantly lower than the emissions generated by the manufacturing processes.  similarly microplastics potentially generated from our operations if present are minimal compared to the microplastics generated during the use phase of a fashion product over its life span.  we did not screen site locations for pollutionrelated iros as none of the sites under our operation and control have emission sources that require reporting according to regulation ec no of the european parliament and of the council european pollutant release and transfer register eprtr regulation.  affected communities along the value chain were not directly consulted during the dma .  for further information on stakeholder engageme nt in our dma please refer to impacts risks and opportunities in section

Score 0.485
we acknowledge that our more significant water impacts lie within our upstream value chain particularly in raw material extraction product manufacturing and downstream activities related to product use.  esrs e resource use and circular economyidentification and assessment of material resource use and circular economyrelated irosto identify the environmental impact potential related to the circular economy we conducted life cycle assessments lcas in and updated them in during the dma.  they encompassed different circular business models such as preowned takeback care and repair and reusable packaging.  the lca results highlighted that raw material extraction and processing were the most significant environmental impact areas of a products life cycle.  these outcomes informed our dma completed in and our new circular ity policy

Score 0.485
percentage of secondary reused or recycled components secondary intermediary products and packaging and secondary materials. products . packaging . resource outflowsdurability after conducting an indepth market analysis and a durability maturity assessment we found that no established methodology or industrywide averages exist for our product categories to make comparisons .  therefore durability is excluded from the sustainability statement

Score 0.484
we review relevant information and assess the impact of external factors focusing on compliance with legal and regulatory obligations and incorporate these into our qam.  we also engage with public bodies consumer associations and business partners to ensure comprehensive compliance and effectively address any deviation from our quality standards.  restricted substance list rsl we have developed a rsl that defines binding minimum requirements for chemical parameters for all product groups in order to comply with statutory requirements of the european commission and national governing bodies.  the rsl serves to control the chemical compliance of all products offered to protect the environment the consumers and the people within our value chain.  the rsl outlines the acceptable limits of potentially toxic or harmful substances that may be present in finished products used components materials and packaging

Score 0.483
category purchased goods and services this category covers all upstream emissions from the production of products acquired and delivered to us including raw material extraction manufacturing and transportation up to the tier supplier.  given the scale of our operations these emissions are the most significant scope and overall ghg category.  it also includes upstream emissions of packaging and nonproduct procurement.  for the majority of these product emissions emissions are calculated using physical activity data including product volumes material types and product weights kg where material types are first mapped to the higg materials sustainability index higg msi material emission factors expressed in kgcoeq.  finally product volumes are multiplied by product weights then multiplied by the higg msi emission factors to arrive at total emissions

Score 0.483
nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to preparation for reuse . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to recycling . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to other recovery operations. nonhazardous waste directed to disposal in tons . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by incineration

Score 0.482
processing of sold products tcoeq .  . use of sold products tcoeq .  . endoflife treatment of sold products tcoeq

Score 0.481
mechanical recyclability documentation upon written request suppliers shall provide documentation on mechanical recyclability of products e. g.  iso certification as proof of selfdeclared recyclable claim. these stringent requirements have been introduced to new and renewed contracts with packaging suppliers starting in .  by integrating these sustainability requirements into our contractual agreements we aim to gain comprehensive insights into the environmental impacts of each of our packaging products facilitating informed decisionmaking and identifying areas for improvement

Score 0.481
in order to be deemed taxonomyaligned a taxonomyeligible economic activity shall fulfil the following criteria as defined in article of the eu taxonomy regulation.  the economic activity contributes substantially to one or more of the environmental objectives set out in article in accordance with articles to does not significantly harm any of the environmental objectives set out in article in accordance with article is carried out in compliance with minimum safeguards laid down in article and complies with technical screening criteria as defined by a substantial contribution to environmental objectives and adherence to the do no significant harm dnsh principle in accordance with article or . we started reporting according to the eu taxonomy regulation and the corresponding delegated acts in .  based on our first assessment we identified one material taxonomyeligible economic activity within our group related to the leasing of assets covering our office buildings outlets and logistic centres economic activity .  listed in annex i of the delegated regulation eu for which we reported taxonomyeligibility

Score 0.48
our approach to identifying material iros for workers in our value chain is described in impacts risks and opportunities in section . .  general information.  policies related to workers in the value chainwe respect human rights and uphold responsible labour practices across our entire supply chain as aligned with the german supply chain due diligence act and the un guiding principles on business and human rights .  this is achieved through our policies standards and processes which address impacts potential risks and opportunities forming the basis for sustainability targets and ambitions

Score 0.48
specifically we are unable to ensure faithful representation qcqc or provide comparable data over time qcqc.  csrd aims to standardise sustainability reporting across companies with sectorspecific standards expected to result in reliable and comparable information.  in line with this objective we have excluded the recyclability of products from the sustainability statement as we believe current methodologies would not deliver the level of transparency and consistency required. recyclable content in product packaging our current methodology considers product packaging recyclable if the material making up of the product packaging meets specific criteria for recycling processes.  according to the minimum standard defined by the central agency packaging register zentrale stelle verpackungsregister mechanically recyclable means that the packaging can be sorted and processed using available industrial recycling technologies to produce highquality recyclates

Score 0.48
packaging . the absolute weight of secondary reused or recycled components secondary intermediary products and secondary materials used to manufacture the undertakings products and services in tons. products . packaging . percentage of secondary reused or recycled components secondary intermediary products and packaging and secondary materials

Score 0.478
key project work streams focus on design materials end of use and traceability the project launched in and will be running through . footwear recycling pilot with fast feet grindedzalando joined a footwear recycling pilot project with footwear recycling innovator fastfeetgrinded which was completed in .  the pilot tested and validated a mechanical footwear recycling process to support the uptake of recycled content in footwear driving the change towards a more circular footwear industry.  the insights gained from the pilot will be used to further advance incorporating innovative materials into our private labels footwear assortment and increase share of recycled materials. international accord for health and safety in the garment and textile industrybangladesh accordin the accord on fire and building safety in bangladesh was instituted as a fiveyear agreement to pursue workplace safety in the readymade garment sector in bangladesh

Score 0.476
regulation eu annex iimaterial esrs spara.  indicator no table annex material esrs spara.  indicator no table annex and indicator no table annex not material not applicableesrs spara.  indicator no table annex regulation eu annex ii regulation eu art not material not applicableesrs spara.  indicator no table annex not material not applicableesrs spara

Score 0.475
of which transitional .  a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activitiesacquisition andownership ofbuildings ccm .  .

Score 0.474
similarly microplastics potentially generated from our operations if present are minimal compared to the microplastics generated during the use phase of a fashion product over its life span.  we did not screen site locations for pollutionrelated iros as none of the sites under our operation and control have emission sources that require reporting according to regulation ec no of the european parliament and of the council european pollutant release and transfer register eprtr regulation.  affected communities along the value chain were not directly consulted during the dma .  for further information on stakeholder engageme nt in our dma please refer to impacts risks and opportunities in section .

Score 0.473
we specifically analysed the key materials sourced the production of raw materials the manufacturing processes and the primary regions from which we source.  we examined our business model to confirm that no significant variations in iro profiles were observed across our segments that would necessitate further steps in the materiality analysis.  additionally we mapped the iros across our value chain in terms of time horizons and our role in relation to the impacts or risks and opportunities. step iro assessment iros were assessed via categories defined by the esrs.  impact m ateriality considers the likelihood and severity of impacts and financial materiality considers the likelihood and magnitude of potential financial effects

Score 0.472
category downstream leased assets we do not lease any assets to third parties that are not already accounted for under scope and .  category franchises we have no franchises making this category irrelevant to our operations. category purchased goods and services this category covers all upstream emissions from the production of products acquired and delivered to us including raw material extraction manufacturing and transportation up to the tier supplier.  given the scale of our operations these emissions are the most significant scope and overall ghg category.  it also includes upstream emissions of packaging and nonproduct procurement

Score 0.472
indicator no table annex regulation eu annex ii regulation eu art material esrs spara.  regulation eu annex iimaterial esrs spara.  indicator no table annex material esrs spara.  indicator no table annex and indicator no table annex not material not applicableesrs spara.  indicator no table annex regulation eu annex ii regulation eu art not material not applicableesrs spara

Score 0.471
products . packaging . the absolute weight of secondary reused or recycled components secondary intermediary products and secondary materials used to manufacture the undertakings products and services in tons. products . packaging

Score 0.471
our sustainable sourcing policy complements our code of conduct and sustainability standards setting social environmental and chemical compliance baselines for all business partners including those of our private labels.  the onboarding process for new suppliers or factories tier final assembly factory aims to ensure compliance with the following key areas defined in our general instructions gis human rights and environment ethics and sustainability legal and finance product labelling and packaging logistics product safety and quality management alongside our terms and conditions.  during supplier selection the gis must be signed and are included in every contract between our private labels and its suppliers. ongoing collaboration takes place throughout the year on an adhoc basis based on the suppliers needs.  a yearly assessment is always conducted where suppliersfactories are assessed to ensure their performance is in line with our goals and business strategy

Score 0.47
. waste generated in operations tcoeq .  . business travel tcoeq .

Score 0.468
of our total generated waste plastic .  wooden .  and mixed packaging . .  textiles our multichannel sales strategy contributes positively to waste minimisation by optimising inventory management

Score 0.467
companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report esrs e pollutionidentification and assessment of material pollutionrelated iroswe have identified five significant environmental impacts and associated human health concerns related to pollution.  these impacts are as follows water pollution arising from the material processing phase particularly during dyeing and involving the use of water and chemicals.  microplastic release synthetic fibres contribute to the release of microplastics during washing cycles posing risks to aquatic ecosystems and human health.  air pollution caused by fragmented value chains that depend on longdistance transportation leading to increased emissions.  soil pollution resulting from the use of pesticides and fertilisers in the conventional farming of natural fibres which contaminate both soil and water sources

Score 0.467
.  .  property plant and equipment and . .

Score 0.466
upstream transportation and distribution tcoeq .  . waste generated in operations tcoeq .  . business travel tcoeq

Score 0.466
.  .  property plant and equipment . .

Score 0.466
. . property plant and equipment .  .

Score 0.466
.  .  property plant and equipment .  .

Score 0.465
for instance synthetic fibres shedding microplastics and the application of pesticides and fertilisers in cotton farming can contaminate soil and water sources.  to address this issue we have implemented chemical compliance programmes to minimise harmful discharges.  linked to our circularity goal we aim t o reduce our environmental impact and enhance clothing quality by sourcing alternative chemicals and fibres as well as by recycling clothing.  for further information please refer to esrs e pollution in section .

Score 0.464
nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to recycling . nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to other recovery operations. nonhazardous waste directed to disposal in tons . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by incineration . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by landfilling

Score 0.464
if mandatory information is fulfilled through a statement in other parts of the management report this is marked as incorporation by reference.  in accordance with transitional provisions in the esrs certain information related to our value chain is omitted in cases where no data with satisfactory integrity was available at the time of reporting.  this applies to esrs s as we currently do not have information at that level of detail and we only have limited data on individual groups of workers across our entire value chain.  due to the complexity of the fashion supply chain we have so far focused on informationgathering via local organisations and multistakeholder initiatives.  they provide us with insights into groups of workers that are specifically riskexposed to certain types of legal violations by industry actions to help us carry out due diligence

Score 0.464
microplastic release synthetic fibres contribute to the release of microplastics during washing cycles posing risks to aquatic ecosystems and human health.  air pollution caused by fragmented value chains that depend on longdistance transportation leading to increased emissions.  soil pollution resulting from the use of pesticides and fertilisers in the conventional farming of natural fibres which contaminate both soil and water sources.  chemical pollution processes such as bleaching printing and finishing often involve harmful chemicals that if not properly managed can be released into the environment. the material environmental impacts resulting from the dma occur during the production and distribution stages including raw material extraction textile production and transportation

Score 0.464
the resource inflow metrics were calculated using all available article and packaging data including weight material composition and sustainab ly sourced and recycled materials data.  this includes materials adhering to thirdparty certifications or licensed or trademarked standards such as the global recycle stan dard and the global organic textile standard.  packaging material is considered sustainably sourced if it meets one of the following conditions i the supplier provides material that is specifically fsccertified ii the supplier holds an fsc certificate for their company and zalando includes a contractual requirement that all materials delivered must be fsccertified or iii the packaging is labelled as fsc mix or fsc recycled confirming compliance with fsc sustainability standards.  sustainably sourced and recycled material data undergo automated validation processes to ensure accuracy and applicability.  additionally a binary classification system is applied to distinguish between technical and biological materials

Score 0.464
of total waste generated includes certain beauty products dangerous ewaste and packaging materials containing chemicals. waste data is collected at the site level where waste quantities and treatment routes are documented by our waste service providers.  precise weighing ensures accuracy and any missing data is estimated based on averages from similar sites or previous time periods. we do not provide comparative data for the first year of preparing the sustainability statement except in cases where data has been disclosed in previous years and is comparable meaning it aligns in terms of scope and methodology with the current years figures.  since the and waste data are not directly comparable due to the aggregation of the waste data in accordance with the applicable esrs scope we do not disclose the waste data

Score 0.463
nonhazardous waste diverted from disposal due to other recovery operations. nonhazardous waste directed to disposal in tons . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by incineration . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by landfilling . nonhazardous waste directed to disposal by other disposal operations

Score 0.463
ghg removals and ghg mitigation projects financed through carbon credits and internal carbon pricingin we neither purchased carbon credits nor initiated any carbon removal projects.  our primary focus remains on reducing our ghg footprint through energy efficiency renewable energy adoption and material substitution.  we do not currently apply internal carbon pricing schemes. companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report esrs e pollutionidentification and assessment of material pollutionrelated iroswe have identified five significant environmental impacts and associated human health concerns related to pollution.  these impacts are as follows water pollution arising from the material processing phase particularly during dyeing and involving the use of water and chemicals

Score 0.462
the resource inflow metrics refer to all products and materials used for the production of products and packaging.  the reported data reflects the materials in their original state including product and packaging weight and material composition as they enter our facilities.  the resource inflow metrics were calculated using all available article and packaging data including weight material composition and sustainab ly sourced and recycled materials data.  this includes materials adhering to thirdparty certifications or licensed or trademarked standards such as the global recycle stan dard and the global organic textile standard.  packaging material is considered sustainably sourced if it meets one of the following conditions i the supplier provides material that is specifically fsccertified ii the supplier holds an fsc certificate for their company and zalando includes a contractual requirement that all materials delivered must be fsccertified or iii the packaging is labelled as fsc mix or fsc recycled confirming compliance with fsc sustainability standards

Score 0.461
category franchises we have no franchises making this category irrelevant to our operations. category purchased goods and services this category covers all upstream emissions from the production of products acquired and delivered to us including raw material extraction manufacturing and transportation up to the tier supplier.  given the scale of our operations these emissions are the most significant scope and overall ghg category.  it also includes upstream emissions of packaging and nonproduct procurement.  for the majority of these product emissions emissions are calculated using physical activity data including product volumes material types and product weights kg where material types are first mapped to the higg materials sustainability index higg msi material emission factors expressed in kgcoeq

Score 0.461
nuclear and fossil gas related activitiesnuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures tor research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle. no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies. no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades. nofossil gas related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels. no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction refurbishment and operation of combined heatcool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels

Score 0.46
m eur .  these other operating expenses relate to disposals of assets refer to sections . .  .  property plant and equipment

Score 0.46
whilst packaging within recommerce is included in the scope of resource inflow calculations the data related to recommerce products is excluded from the calculations as this information has already been accounted for during the products first life cycle. companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report all product categories such as fashion footwear accessories and electronics are reported in aggregate form.  the resource inflow metrics refer to all products and materials used for the production of products and packaging.  the reported data reflects the materials in their original state including product and packaging weight and material composition as they enter our facilities.  the resource inflow metrics were calculated using all available article and packaging data including weight material composition and sustainab ly sourced and recycled materials data

Score 0.459
regulation eu annex ii regulation eu annex iimaterial phasedin not applicable phasedinesrs epara.  aesrs epara.  carticle a regulation eu no regulation eu paragraphs and template material phasedin not applicable phasedinesrs epara.  carticle a regulation eu no regulation eu paragraph template material phasedin not applicable phasedinesrs epara.  regulation eu annex iinot material not applicableesrs epara

Score 0.459
the lca results highlighted that raw material extraction and processing were the most significant environmental impact areas of a products life cycle.  these outcomes informed our dma completed in and our new circular ity policy .  regarding the use of materials we depend heavily on cotton polyester and leather as key materials for the majority of products offered by our private label business and brand partners.  by embedding more sustainable practices across our value chain from product sourcing and design to logistics and r ecommerce we ensure that we remain resilient in the face of emerging environmental challenges while contributing to the creation of longterm value for our stakeholders.  we have outlined the specific business units responsible for managing iros related to our resource use and circular economy initiatives below

Score 0.459
this avoided any double counting. furthermore we assessed the proportion of our capex that qualifies as environmentally sustainable and is therefore reported as capex related to taxonomyaligned economic activities .  this assessment was based on the criteria laid down in article of the eu taxonomy regulation.  because our capex is only related to the purchase of output we connected with the owners of the respective facilities to collect the relevant information.  the information obtained relating to the technical screening criteria including both the substantial contribution and the dnsh principles was insufficient to perform the assessment

Score 0.458
aindicator no table of annex iregulation eu annex iimaterial esrs spara.  bindicator no table annex imaterial esrs spara.  aindicator no table annex imaterial esrs spara.  aindicator no table and indicator no table annex iregulation eu annex ii regulation eu art material esrs sbm s para.  bindicators no and table annex imaterial esrs spara

Score 0.458
fuel and energyrelated activities tcoeq .  . upstream transportation and distribution tcoeq .  . waste generated in operations tcoeq

Score 0.457
with regards to our material iros we include all consumers and endusers who could be materially impacted by our business activities in the scope of our disclosures .  in terms of material negative impacts inadequate product safety standards can result in individual incidents related to the goods we sell.  this risk could lead to fines or reputational loss. polic ies related to product and personal safetyquality assurance manual qam the qam includes among other things product compliance requirements and our contractually expectations for our business partners .  the qam sets out binding minimum requirements for productrelated due diligence obligations including chemical and physical product characteristics as well as labelling obligations

Score 0.457
this correspondingly also applies to related opex.  furthermore since we did not identify any taxonomyeligible turnover we could not calculate any taxonomyaligned turnover .  nuclear and fossil gas related activitiesnuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures tor research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle. no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies. no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy as well as their safety upgrades

Score 0.457
as a result we were not able to qualify our taxonomyeligible capex related to the leasing of buildings as taxonomyaligned capex for the financial year.  this correspondingly also applies to related opex.  furthermore since we did not identify any taxonomyeligible turnover we could not calculate any taxonomyaligned turnover .  nuclear and fossil gas related activitiesnuclear energy related activities the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures tor research development demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle. no the undertaking carries out funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production as well as their safety upgrades using best available technologies

Score 0.457
indicator no table annex material only hazardous wasteesrs sbm spara.  findicator no table annex imaterial esrs sbm spara.  gindicator no table annex imaterial esrs spara.  indicator no table and indicator no table annex imaterial esrs spara.  regulation eu annex iimaterial esrs spara

Score 0.457
based on our first assessment we identified one material taxonomyeligible economic activity within our group related to the leasing of assets covering our office buildings outlets and logistic centres economic activity .  listed in annex i of the delegated regulation eu for which we reported taxonomyeligibility.  in reporting was expanded to include the assessment of the taxonomyalignment of activities within the zalando group.  in the commission delegated regulation eu was applied amending delegated regulation eu as regards economic activities in certain energy sectors and amending delegated regulation eu as regards specific public disclosures for those economic activities.  we assessed annex i and annex ii that amend the list of economic activities regarding the first two environmental objectives as well as related technical screening and dnsh criteria

Score 0.456
dindicator no table annex not material not applicableesrs epara.  dindicator no table annex material esrs epara.  indicator no table annex material only hazardous wasteesrs sbm spara.  findicator no table annex imaterial esrs sbm spara.  gindicator no table annex imaterial esrs spara

Score 0.455
nonrecycled waste in tons . percentage of nonrecycled waste . companycombined managementreport consolidated financialstatements other informationand service zalando se annual report . .  social informationesrs s own workforcematerial iros and their interaction with strategy and business model and interests and views of stakeholdersour workforce encompasses a diverse array of job families and capabilities and comprises employees in overhead functions such as finance human resources it marketing overhead employees nonoverhead employees working in our logistic centres outlet stores or customers care centres and nonemployees individuals working at thirdparty contractors who a re materially impacted by our own operations

Score 0.455
our packaging generated waste consists of paper and cardboard .  of our total generated waste plastic .  wooden .  and mixed packaging .

Score 0.455
regulation eu article material esrs epara.  garticle a regulation eu no regulation eu template regulation eu article d to g and article not applicable no transition plan in placenot applicable esrs epara.  indicator no table annex article a regulation eu no regulation eu template regulation eu article material esrs epara.  indicator no table and indicator no table annex material esrs epara.  indicator no table annex material esrs epara

Score 0.455
the reported data reflects the materials in their original state including product and packaging weight and material composition as they enter our facilities.  the resource inflow metrics were calculated using all available article and packaging data including weight material composition and sustainab ly sourced and recycled materials data.  this includes materials adhering to thirdparty certifications or licensed or trademarked standards such as the global recycle stan dard and the global organic textile standard.  packaging material is considered sustainably sourced if it meets one of the following conditions i the supplier provides material that is specifically fsccertified ii the supplier holds an fsc certificate for their company and zalando includes a contractual requirement that all materials delivered must be fsccertified or iii the packaging is labelled as fsc mix or fsc recycled confirming compliance with fsc sustainability standards.  sustainably sourced and recycled material data undergo automated validation processes to ensure accuracy and applicability

Score 0.454
polic ies related to pollutionto manage upstream and downstream impacts and comply with regulations we have developed a chemical management system.  this includes the restricted substances list rsl to determine chemical requirements and limits for harmful substances in products.  for private labels the manufacturing restricted substances list mrsl restricts chemicals in production aligned with zero discharge of hazardous chemicals standards.  for more information on our chemical management system and the processes for remediating negative impacts please refer to esrs s consumers and endusers personal safety in section .

Score 0.453
since the and waste data are not directly comparable due to the aggregation of the waste data in accordance with the applicable esrs scope we do not disclose the waste data. extended producer responsibility epr as part of our commitment to responsible waste management we participate in epr programmes.  we work with multiple producer responsibility organisations pros across our markets to ensure responsible collection recycling and disposal of products and packaging.  this collaboration ensures compliance with epr regulations and supports recycling infrastructure.  to meet our epr obligations we submit detailed reports to authorities and pros enhancing transparency in our waste management processes

Score 0.453
this includes selecting more sustainably sourced raw materials as aligned with our circularity policy .  for further information on our approach to alternative materials and sourcing please refer to the section esrs e resource use and circular economy . actions and resources related to climate change policiesour climate change policy aims at decarbonising our own operations scope and and value chain scope emissions in line with our sbts.  the actions listed below showcase our main initiatives to support the policy objectives of energy efficiency and the transition to renewable energy sources as well as the decarbonisation of our val ue chain.  the ghg emission reductions from our efforts relating to decarbonising our own operations and the value chain are reported under the section gross scopes and total ghg emissions

Score 0.452
waste data is collected at the site level where waste quantities and treatment routes are documented by our waste service providers.  precise weighing ensures accuracy and any missing data is estimated based on averages from similar sites or previous time periods. we do not provide comparative data for the first year of preparing the sustainability statement except in cases where data has been disclosed in previous years and is comparable meaning it aligns in terms of scope and methodology with the current years figures.  since the and waste data are not directly comparable due to the aggregation of the waste data in accordance with the applicable esrs scope we do not disclose the waste data. extended producer responsibility epr as part of our commitment to responsible waste management we participate in epr programmes

Score 0.452
. property plant and equipment .  . .

Score 0.452
waste generated in operations tcoeq .  . business travel tcoeq .  . employee commuting tcoeq

Score 0.451
in addition only one economic activity was identified for which taxonomyeligible capex and opex were calculated.  this avoided any double counting. furthermore we assessed the proportion of our capex that qualifies as environmentally sustainable and is therefore reported as capex related to taxonomyaligned economic activities .  this assessment was based on the criteria laid down in article of the eu taxonomy regulation.  because our capex is only related to the purchase of output we connected with the owners of the respective facilities to collect the relevant information

Score 0.451
this includes the restricted substances list rsl to determine chemical requirements and limits for harmful substances in products.  for private labels the manufacturing restricted substances list mrsl restricts chemicals in production aligned with zero discharge of hazardous chemicals standards.  for more information on our chemical management system and the processes for remediating negative impacts please refer to esrs s consumers and endusers personal safety in section . .

Score 0.451
. processing of sold products tcoeq .  . use of sold products tcoeq .

Score 0.451
m eur prior year . meur.  disposals are mainly related to other equipment furniture and fixtures scrapped in the financial year . depreciation of property plant and equipment totalled . m eur prior year