Scores_e_WATER SUPPLY; SEWERAGE, WASTE MANAGEMENT AND REMEDIATION ACTIVITIESScore 0.701
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nelrenewal of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  .  el nel nel nel nel neltransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm

Score 0.696
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t .  renewal of waste water collection and treatment .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light c o m m e r c i a l v e h i c l e s .  renovation of existing buildings

Score 0.689
at our production facilities we endeavor to use wate r several times and to recycle it.  all wastewater is subject to thorough checks b efore it is discharged into the various disposal channels.  all our industrial and mixed wastewater is purified in wastewater trea tment plants bayer or thirdparty facilities where necessary categorized as environmen tally safe according to official provis ions and returned to the natural water cycle.  the total quantity of industrial and mixed wastewater cam e in at million cubic meters in and was thus

Score 0.682
of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t .  renewal of waste water collection and treatment .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light c o m m e r c i a l v e h i c l e s

Score 0.679
of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nelrenewal of waste water collection and treatment ccm .

Score 0.674
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nelrenewal of waste water collection and treatment ccm

Score 0.666
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t .  renewal of waste water collection and treatment

Score 0.648
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm

Score 0.61
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t

Score 0.602
it can be returned to the water cycle in line with the relevant official permits.  at our production facilities we endeavor to use wate r several times and to recycle it.  all wastewater is subject to thorough checks b efore it is discharged into the various disposal channels.  all our industrial and mixed wastewater is purified in wastewater trea tment plants bayer or thirdparty facilities where necessary categorized as environmen tally safe according to official provis ions and returned to the natural water cycle

Score 0.6
renewal of waste water collection and treatment .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light c o m m e r c i a l v e h i c l e s .  renovation of existing buildings .  installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency e q u i p m e n t

Score 0.592
all wastewater is subject to thorough checks b efore it is discharged into the various disposal channels.  all our industrial and mixed wastewater is purified in wastewater trea tment plants bayer or thirdparty facilities where necessary categorized as environmen tally safe according to official provis ions and returned to the natural water cycle.  the total quantity of industrial and mixed wastewater cam e in at million cubic meters in and was thus .  higher than the previous year million cubic meters

Score 0.587
the total quantity of industrial and mixed wastewater cam e in at million cubic meters in and was thus .  higher than the previous year million cubic meters.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety waste and recycling we aim to minimize material consumption and dispos al volumes through systematic waste management

Score 0.577
the volume of hazardous waste rose by .  to metric tons metric tons due to the increase in production at the dormagen site.  the volume of hazardous waste from production in this figure including hazardous waste from wastewater treatment plants also increased against the prior year rising from metric tons to metric tons.  process and plant safety we aim to design and operate our pro cesses and production facilities in su ch a way that they do not pose any inappropriate risks to employees the environm ent or neighboring communities

Score 0.572
the total quantity of waste generated rose to metric tons in metric tons mainly due to increased production at the dormagen site in germany and the completion of construction work at the leverkusen site in germany.  the volume of hazardous waste rose by .  to metric tons metric tons due to the increase in production at the dormagen site.  the volume of hazardous waste from production in this figure including hazardous waste from wastewater treatment plants also increased against the prior year rising from metric tons to metric tons

Score 0.567
the volume of hazardous waste from production in this figure including hazardous waste from wastewater treatment plants also increased against the prior year rising from metric tons to metric tons.  process and plant safety we aim to design and operate our pro cesses and production facilities in su ch a way that they do not pose any inappropriate risks to employees the environm ent or neighboring communities.  we are working to further develop our safety culture and the expertise of our employees.  principles of process and plant safety are laid out in our globally applicable corporate policies

Score 0.546
a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of turnover per environmental objective proportion of turnovertotal turnover aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc

Score 0.535
all our industrial and mixed wastewater is purified in wastewater trea tment plants bayer or thirdparty facilities where necessary categorized as environmen tally safe according to official provis ions and returned to the natural water cycle.  the total quantity of industrial and mixed wastewater cam e in at million cubic meters in and was thus .  higher than the previous year million cubic meters.  bayer annual report a combined management report

Score 0.534
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.53
environmental protection and safety waste and recycling we aim to minimize material consumption and dispos al volumes through systematic waste management.  in accordance with bayers corporate policies all production sites are required to prevent reduce and recycle waste and to dispose of it safely and in line with go od environmental practices.  the total quantity of waste generated rose to metric tons in metric tons mainly due to increased production at the dormagen site in germany and the completion of construction work at the leverkusen site in germany.  the volume of hazardous waste rose by

Score 0.521
turnovercategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.521
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  b

Score 0.512
to metric tons metric tons due to the increase in production at the dormagen site.  the volume of hazardous waste from production in this figure including hazardous waste from wastewater treatment plants also increased against the prior year rising from metric tons to metric tons.  process and plant safety we aim to design and operate our pro cesses and production facilities in su ch a way that they do not pose any inappropriate risks to employees the environm ent or neighboring communities.  we are working to further develop our safety culture and the expertise of our employees

Score 0.511
taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of turnover per environmental objective proportion of turnovertotal turnover aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc . biodiversity and ecosystems bio reporting on capital expenditure capital expenditure in comprised investments in tangible and intang ible assets before depreciation amortization impairments and remeasurements.  also incl uded were investments in tangible and intangible assets due to business combinations

Score 0.51
at our production sites around the world regulatory authorities and external assessors monitor compliance with wastewater thresholds.  internal experts also perf orm corresponding audits of the production sites at regular intervals.  we take appropriate action in our production facilities to avoid or reduce emissions from production such as the release of active ingredients into the environment.  alongside the regulatory standards such action also comes in the form of ou r own more farreaching en vironmental standards for instance as outlined in our corpor ate policies

Score 0.51
installation maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings .  acquisition and ownership of buildings .  manufacture of medicinal products capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.

Score 0.509
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.508
taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of opex per environmental objective proportion of opextotal opex aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc .  biodiversity and ecosystems bio bayer annual report a combined management report.  overview of business performance

Score 0.508
taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a

Score 0.505
for the four additional environmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems by contrast we are only required to disclose taxonomyeligible turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  company activities are assessed for taxonomy eligibility based on the economic activities described in annexes i and ii to the delegated act of june and annexes i through iv to the delegated act of june .  to avoid doublecounting results ar e documented for example at product master data level.  taxonomy alignment is evaluated based on the technical screening criteria for each economic activity which are also defined in the aforementioned annexes

Score 0.504
oreligiblea. turnovercategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.499
environmental protection and safety the total operating expenditure identi fied as being taxonomyeligible an d taxonomyaligned is shown in the following table a .  taxonomy opex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code opexproportionof opexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.498
environmental protection provisions for environmental prot ection are mainly established for the expected costs of ensuring compliance with environmental regula tions remediation work on cont aminated land recultivation of landfills and redevelopment and water protection measures.  restructuring provisions for restructuring only cover expenses th at arise directly from re structuring measures are necessary for restructuring and are not related to future business operations.  such expenses include severance payments to employees and compensation payments in respect of rented property that is no longer used.  restructuring measures may include the sale or termin ation of business units site closures relocations of business activities or fundamental reorganizations of business units

Score 0.498
of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a

Score 0.498
taxonomy turnover reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code turnoverproportionof turnoverclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.494
taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a

Score 0.492
.  .  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a

Score 0.491
taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a

Score 0.491
taxonomy opex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code opexproportionof opexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.491
environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy opex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea.  opexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta

Score 0.489
a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of opex per environmental objective proportion of opextotal opex aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc

Score 0.489
.  nel nel nel el nel nelturnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  .

Score 0.486
turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  .

Score 0.484
nel nel nel el nel nelturnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  .  .  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.483
.  nel nel nel el nel nelcapex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  .

Score 0.482
. environmental protection total energy consumption terajoules scope and greenhouse gas emissions million metric tons of co equivalents .  . water use million cubic meters

Score 0.482
environmental protection and safety the total sales identified as being taxonomye ligible and taxonomyaligned are shown in the following table a .  taxonomy turnover reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code turnoverproportionof turnoverclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.48
environmental protection total energy consumption terajoules scope and greenhouse gas emissions million metric tons of co equivalents .  . water use million cubic meters .

Score 0.48
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of turnover per environmental objective proportion of turnovertotal turnover aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc . biodiversity and ecosystems bio reporting on capital expenditure capital expenditure in comprised investments in tangible and intang ible assets before depreciation amortization impairments and remeasurements

Score 0.479
environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy capex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea. capexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta

Score 0.478
significant factors in estimating the costs includ e previous experiences in similar cas es expert opinions current costs and new developments affecting costs managements inte rpretation of current en vironmental regulations the financial position of third parties that may become obligated to participate in any remediation costs on the basis of joint liability and the remediation methods likely to be depl oyed.  changes in these assumptions could impact future reported results of the group.  taking into consideration the experience gained to date and the knowledge and circumstances as of the closing da te provisions are believed to be adequate.  however material addition al costs could be incurred beyond the amounts accrued that result in additional expenses in subsequent periods

Score 0.477
nel nel nel el nel nelcapex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  .  .

Score 0.477
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report

Score 0.476
in addition we also report on other nonfinancial aspects.  for we are required to disclose the proportion of turnover sales capital expenditur e capex and operating expenditure opex in the reporting period that is eu taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with regard to the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation.  for the four additional environmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems by contrast we are only required to disclose taxonomyeligible turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  company activities are assessed for taxonomy eligibility based on the economic activities described in annexes i and ii to the delegated act of june and annexes i through iv to the delegated act of june

Score 0.476
installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency e q u i p m e n t .  installation maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings .  acquisition and ownership of buildings .  manufacture of medicinal products capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.474
.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.

Score 0.474
environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy turnover reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea. turnovercategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta

Score 0.472
purchased goods and services .  capital goods .  fuel and energyrelated activities .  upstream transportation and distribution and

Score 0.469
.  nel nel nel el nel nelopex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  .

Score 0.468
of the combined management report tables a.  taxonomy turnover reporting a.  proportion of turnover per environmental objective a.  taxonomy capex reporting a

Score 0.467
climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc . biodiversity and ecosystems bio reporting on operating expenditure our operating expenditure with respect to resear ch and development shortterm leasing and maintenance and repair amounted to million in million.  taxonomyeligible operating expend iture amounted to million million and taxonomynoneligible operating expenditure amounted to million million.  the proportion of taxonomyeligible operating expend iture therefore came to

Score 0.466
acquisition and ownership of buildings .  manufacture of medicinal products capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  . capex of taxon omyeligible activities a

Score 0.465
these reimburs ement claims primarily related to product liability.  environmental protection provisions for environmental prot ection are mainly established for the expected costs of ensuring compliance with environmental regula tions remediation work on cont aminated land recultivation of landfills and redevelopment and water protection measures.  restructuring provisions for restructuring only cover expenses th at arise directly from re structuring measures are necessary for restructuring and are not related to future business operations.  such expenses include severance payments to employees and compensation payments in respect of rented property that is no longer used

Score 0.464
el nel nel nel nel nelrenewal of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  .  el nel nel nel nel neltransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .

Score 0.463
and the associated logistics oper ations scope . .  emissions in the nonsbtrelevant categories scope .

Score 0.463
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelmanufacture of medicinal products ppc .

Score 0.462
product stewardship a .  environmental protection and safety employeerelated aspects a .  sustainability management a .  commitment to employees a

Score 0.462
for we are required to disclose the proportion of turnover sales capital expenditur e capex and operating expenditure opex in the reporting period that is eu taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with regard to the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation.  for the four additional environmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems by contrast we are only required to disclose taxonomyeligible turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  company activities are assessed for taxonomy eligibility based on the economic activities described in annexes i and ii to the delegated act of june and annexes i through iv to the delegated act of june .  to avoid doublecounting results ar e documented for example at product master data level

Score 0.46
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelmanufacture of medicinal products ppc

Score 0.459
capexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.458
bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety the total operating expenditure identi fied as being taxonomyeligible an d taxonomyaligned is shown in the following table a .  taxonomy opex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code opexproportionof opexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.458
opexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.457
oreligiblea.  opexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.457
taxonomyeligible operating expend iture amounted to million million and taxonomynoneligible operating expenditure amounted to million million.  the proportion of taxonomyeligible operating expend iture therefore came to .  .  due to the simplified reporting requirements for with respect to the four environmental objectives to be applied for the first time there is no taxonomyaligned operating expenditure to disclose

Score 0.457
continued taxonomy opex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea.  opexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.457
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal products opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  b

Score 0.456
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of opex per environmental objective proportion of opextotal opex aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc .  biodiversity and ecosystems bio bayer annual report a combined management report

Score 0.455
other provisions changes in the various provision categories in were as follows b changes in other provisions million other taxesenvironmentalprotectionrestructuringtraderelatedcommitments litigationspersonnelcommitmentsmiscellaneous totaljanuary additions utilization reversal interest cost exchange differences december of which current the provisions were partly offset by reimbursement claims in the amo unt of million million which were recognized as receivables.  these reimburs ement claims primarily related to product liability.  environmental protection provisions for environmental prot ection are mainly established for the expected costs of ensuring compliance with environmental regula tions remediation work on cont aminated land recultivation of landfills and redevelopment and water protection measures.  restructuring provisions for restructuring only cover expenses th at arise directly from re structuring measures are necessary for restructuring and are not related to future business operations

Score 0.454
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report

Score 0.454
of the combined management report.  they are responsible for the justifiability of this interpretation.  the legal conformity of the interpretation is subject to uncertainties due to the immanent risk that undefined legal terms may be interpreted differently.  the preciseness and completeness of environmental data of the additional nonfinancial information is subject to inherent restrictions resulting from th e way the data was collected and calculated and from assumptions made

Score 0.454
in accordance with bayers corporate policies all production sites are required to prevent reduce and recycle waste and to dispose of it safely and in line with go od environmental practices.  the total quantity of waste generated rose to metric tons in metric tons mainly due to increased production at the dormagen site in germany and the completion of construction work at the leverkusen site in germany.  the volume of hazardous waste rose by .  to metric tons metric tons due to the increase in production at the dormagen site

Score 0.453
oreligiblea. capexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.451
procurement and supplier management .  sustainability management .  product stewardship .  environmental protection and safety

Score 0.45
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report

Score 0.45
help us to realize our mission of health for all hunger for none.  in addition we also report on other nonfinancial aspects.  for we are required to disclose the proportion of turnover sales capital expenditur e capex and operating expenditure opex in the reporting period that is eu taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with regard to the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation.  for the four additional environmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems by contrast we are only required to disclose taxonomyeligible turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure

Score 0.449
taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities total bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a .  proportion of capex per environmental objective proportion of capextotal capex aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm .  climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc

Score 0.449
g.  active ingredients and their degradation products into the environment or where these are unavoidable to minimize the risks they harbor.  we focus on all stages of the product cy cle from manufacturing to safe use and disposal.  at our production sites around the world regulatory authorities and external assessors monitor compliance with wastewater thresholds

Score 0.447
sustainability management a .  commitment to employees a .  procurement and supplier management a .  environmental protection and safety social aspects a

Score 0.447
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal products opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.447
due to the simplified reporting requirements for with respect to the four environmental objectives to be applied for the first time there is no taxonomyaligned operating expenditure to disclose.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety the total operating expenditure identi fied as being taxonomyeligible an d taxonomyaligned is shown in the following table a .  taxonomy opex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code opexproportionof opexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela

Score 0.447
the re sulting expense is reflected in the operating expense item in which the depreciation or amortization of th e respective asset is recogn ized.  the same applies to income from impairment loss reversals.  impairment losses recognized on goodw ill are included in other operating expenses.  the recoverable amount is generally determined on the basis of the fair valu e less costs of disposal taking into account the present value of the future net cash flows as market prices for the individual units are not normally available

Score 0.445
we focus on all stages of the product cy cle from manufacturing to safe use and disposal.  at our production sites around the world regulatory authorities and external assessors monitor compliance with wastewater thresholds.  internal experts also perf orm corresponding audits of the production sites at regular intervals.  we take appropriate action in our production facilities to avoid or reduce emissions from production such as the release of active ingredients into the environment

Score 0.444
environmental protection and safety the total capital expenditure identified as being ta xonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned is shown in the following table a .  taxonomy capex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code capexproportionof capexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.444
product stewardship .  environmental protection and safety .  report on economic position .  overview of business performance

Score 0.444
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelmanufacture of medicinal products ppc .

Score 0.444
higher than the previous year million cubic meters.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety waste and recycling we aim to minimize material consumption and dispos al volumes through systematic waste management.  in accordance with bayers corporate policies all production sites are required to prevent reduce and recycle waste and to dispose of it safely and in line with go od environmental practices

Score 0.443
taxonomy capex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code capexproportionof capexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.443
water we use water resources as sparingly as possible an d are endeavoring to further reduce emissions into water.  all relevant sites in areas identified as being threatened by water scarcity through have a water management system in place.  total water use in remained le vel year on year at million cubic meters million cubic meters.

Score 0.441
. water use million cubic meters .  . total waste generated thousand metric tons fulltime equivalents ftes as of december according to the marketbased method bayer annual report b consolidated fina ncial statementsbayer group consolidated income statements bayer group consolidated income statements b million note net sales cost of goods sold gross profit selling expenses research and development expenses general administration expenses other operating income other operating expenses ebit equitymethod income loss

Score 0.44
environmental protection and safety the taxonomyeligible capital expendit ure is determined by linking the capital expenditure undertaken with the taxonomyeligible products category a.  capital ex penditure that cannot be clearly assigned is taken into consideration on the basis of allocation keys.  capital expenditures for the purchase of products from taxonomyeligible economi c activities or individual measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions category c are also incl uded in this figure.  as explained in the previous sect ion no taxonomy alignment review was undertaken in for the economic activity manufacture of medi cinal products