Scores_s_OTHER SERVICE ACTIVITIESScore 0.547
.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.

Score 0.544
.  .  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a

Score 0.532
turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  .

Score 0.526
turnovercategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.524
.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.

Score 0.522
opex of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  .

Score 0.518
.  .  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a. a

Score 0.516
trade accounts receivable .  other receivables .  equity .  provisions for pensions and other postemployment benefits

Score 0.513
.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective

Score 0.512
oreligiblea. turnovercategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.508
nonfinancial group targets through including the statements made in the footnotes as well as the following explanatory passages on the groups nonfinancial targets contained in section . .  of the combined management report tables a.  taxonomy turnover reporting a

Score 0.5
other receivables .  equity .  provisions for pensions and other postemployment benefits .  other provisions

Score 0.495
.  .  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities

Score 0.492
continued taxonomy opex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea.  opexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.491
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.491
continued taxonomy turnover reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea. turnovercategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.491
environmental protection and safety the total sales identified as being taxonomye ligible and taxonomyaligned are shown in the following table a .  taxonomy turnover reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code turnoverproportionof turnoverclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.488
.  .  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities

Score 0.488
.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective

Score 0.488
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report

Score 0.485
.  .  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities

Score 0.485
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report

Score 0.483
company activities are assessed for taxonomy eligibility based on the economic activities described in annexes i and ii to the delegated act of june and annexes i through iv to the delegated act of june .  to avoid doublecounting results ar e documented for example at product master data level.  taxonomy alignment is evaluated based on the technical screening criteria for each economic activity which are also defined in the aforementioned annexes.  we use our own interpretation when applying the eu taxonomy as definitions are not yet available and the wording used is unclear

Score 0.482
environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy turnover reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea. turnovercategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta

Score 0.48
nel nel nel el nel nelturnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  .  .  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.479
.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective

Score 0.473
opexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.473
of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a

Score 0.472
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t .  renewal of waste water collection and treatment .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light c o m m e r c i a l v e h i c l e s .  renovation of existing buildings

Score 0.472
capexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.471
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report

Score 0.469
oreligiblea.  opexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.469
oreligiblea. capexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.468
continued taxonomy capex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea. capexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.466
acquisition and ownership of buildings .  manufacture of medicinal products capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  . capex of taxon omyeligible activities a

Score 0.464
turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities total a

Score 0.463
.  other receivables other receivables were comprised as follows b other receivables dec.  dec.  million totalof whichcurrent totalof whichcurrentother tax receivables deferred charges net defined benefit asset assets related to other longterm employee benefits companyowned life insurance coli receivables from employees reimbursement claims miscellaneous receivables total miscellaneous receivables contained other advanced payments for services amounting to million million

Score 0.458
taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of turnover per environmental objective proportion of turnovertotal turnover aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc . biodiversity and ecosystems bio reporting on capital expenditure capital expenditure in comprised investments in tangible and intang ible assets before depreciation amortization impairments and remeasurements.  also incl uded were investments in tangible and intangible assets due to business combinations

Score 0.457
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  b

Score 0.455
nel nel nel el nel nelopex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  .  .  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.454
taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a

Score 0.454
e.  fraudulent nonfinancial reporting or error.  the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts issued thereunder contain wording and terms that are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertain ties and for which clarifi cations have not yet been published in every case.  therefore the executive direct ors have laid down their own interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and of the delegated acts adopted thereon in section

Score 0.453
taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a

Score 0.453
total compensation awarded and due .  .  service costbenefit expense ifrs total compensation c .  compensation awarded and due part ii serving board of management members as of dec

Score 0.453
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.452
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal products opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.452
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal products opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  b

Score 0.451
we also describe opportunities and risks of a divisionspecific nature where relevant.  the division s mentioned are those that have identified material risks.  other divisions may also be affected to a lesser extent.  material risks reported by enabling functions are cat egorized under group although they may also affect the divisions

Score 0.449
.  nel nel nel el nel nelturnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  .

Score 0.449
installation maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings .  acquisition and ownership of buildings .  manufacture of medicinal products capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.

Score 0.448
taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a

Score 0.446
fraudulent nonfinancial reporting or error.  the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts issued thereunder contain wording and terms that are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertain ties and for which clarifi cations have not yet been published in every case.  therefore the executive direct ors have laid down their own interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and of the delegated acts adopted thereon in section .  of the combined management report

Score 0.446
taxonomy turnover reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code turnoverproportionof turnoverclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.445
of the combined management report tables a.  taxonomy turnover reporting a.  proportion of turnover per environmental objective a.  taxonomy capex reporting a

Score 0.444
other financial assets .  inventories .  trade accounts receivable .  other receivables

Score 0.443
environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy opex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea.  opexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta

Score 0.442
provision .  . other compensation compensation for remaining term of service contract .

Score 0.442
the decline for enabling functionsall other segments was largely due to the further utilization of the existing provisions for the headcount reduction measures defined in previous years.  traderelated commitments traderelated provisions are recorded mainly for obligations related to services performed but not yet invoiced and to sales commissions not re cognized under trade accounts payable.  litigations the legal risks currently considered to be material and their development are described in note .  personnel commitments personnelrelated provisions include those for variable performancerelated onetime payments to employees stockbased payments an d payments related to longservice anniversaries early retirement programs and preretirement parttime working arrang ements

Score 0.439
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm

Score 0.439
.  nonfinancial group targets through including the statements made in the footnotes as well as the following explanatory passages on the groups nonfinancial targets contained in section . .  of the combined management report tables a

Score 0.438
of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t .  renewal of waste water collection and treatment .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light c o m m e r c i a l v e h i c l e s

Score 0.438
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t

Score 0.438
of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal products opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a. a

Score 0.437
.  fringe benefits .  .  pension installment

Score 0.437
inventories .  trade accounts receivable .  other receivables .  equity

Score 0.436
of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nelrenewal of waste water collection and treatment ccm .

Score 0.435
other receivables other receivables were comprised as follows b other receivables dec.  dec.  million totalof whichcurrent totalof whichcurrentother tax receivables deferred charges net defined benefit asset assets related to other longterm employee benefits companyowned life insurance coli receivables from employees reimbursement claims miscellaneous receivables total miscellaneous receivables contained other advanced payments for services amounting to million million.  other receivables are stated net of impair ment losses of m illion million

Score 0.433
fringe benefits .  .  pension installment .  shortterm variable cash compensation sti sti

Score 0.432
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nelrenewal of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  .  el nel nel nel nel neltransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm

Score 0.431
other compensation compensation for remaining term of service contract .  . total compensation awarded and due .

Score 0.431
environmental protection and safety the total operating expenditure identi fied as being taxonomyeligible an d taxonomyaligned is shown in the following table a .  taxonomy opex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code opexproportionof opexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.429
environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy capex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea. capexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta

Score 0.429
fringe benefits fringe benefits include costs assu med by the company for health sc reening and various workrelated insurance policies.  each member of the board of management has access to a company car including a driver for business and a reasonable amount of pr ivate use or receives a corresponding budget.  in addition the company pays the cost of security inst allations at each members private residence.  workrelated moving expenses are either individually reim bursed or compensated in the form of a flatrate allowance

Score 0.429
payment components to be withheld fo r third parties are deducted.  sales are therefore reduced by sales taxes and by actual and expected sa les deductions resulting from rebates discounts and bonuses.  furthermore sales are reduced by the amo unt of the refund liability for expected returns of defective goods or of saleable products that may be returned under contractual arrangements with this reduction taking place at the date of revenue recognit ion or when a reliable estimate can be made.  refund liabilities are recognized for expected sales deductions and product retu rns

Score 0.429
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelmanufacture of medicinal products ppc

Score 0.428
a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of turnover per environmental objective proportion of turnovertotal turnover aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc

Score 0.427
.  nel nel nel el nel nelcapex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  .

Score 0.426
in addition the executive directors are responsible for such internal control as they have determined necessary to enable the preparation of a nonfinancial reporting that is free from material misstatement whether due to fraud i. e.  fraudulent nonfinancial reporting or error.  the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts issued thereunder contain wording and terms that are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertain ties and for which clarifi cations have not yet been published in every case

Score 0.426
data collection and reporting thresholds in accordance with ifrs noncurrent assets held for sale and discontinued operations financial indicators are given for continuing operations unless oth erwise explicitly indicated.  the same logic applies principally to hr procurement and hse health safet y and environment inform ation and to our social data.  reporting of the groups hse data includes all fully consolidated companies in which we hold at least a interest.  data on occupational injuries is collect ed at all sites worldwide

Score 0.426
equity .  provisions for pensions and other postemployment benefits .  other provisions .  financial liabilities

Score 0.425
production.  rd.  marketing distribution .  temporarilyemployed

Score 0.424
.  . equity attributable to noncontrolling interest dividends paid to noncontrolling interest noncurrent assets current assets noncurrent liabilities current liabilities sales income after income taxes of which attributable to noncontrolling interest total comprehensive income of which attributable to noncontrolling interest net cash provided by used in operating activities net cash provided by used in investing activities net cash provided by used in financing activities .  provisions for pensions and other postemployment benefits provisions were established for defined benefit obligations pertaining to pensions and other postemployment benefits

Score 0.423
miscellaneous miscellaneous provisions include those for interest payments on income taxes and other taxes for other liabilities except where these are allocable to other provision categor ies and for decommissioning and similar obligations.  a sensitivity analysis undertaken for certain provisions that examined th e impact of a fivepercentagepoint change in the probabilities of occu rrence in each case did not produce an y material deviations from the amount of provisions established.  .  financial liabilities financial liabilities were comprised as follows b financial liabilities dec

Score 0.423
installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency e q u i p m e n t .  installation maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings .  acquisition and ownership of buildings .  manufacture of medicinal products capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.419
each member of the board of management has access to a company car including a driver for business and a reasonable amount of pr ivate use or receives a corresponding budget.  in addition the company pays the cost of security inst allations at each members private residence.  workrelated moving expenses are either individually reim bursed or compensated in the form of a flatrate allowance.  any indemnity payments to new member s of the board of management for variable compensation forfeited on termin ation of previous employment al so constitute fringe benefits

Score 0.419
compensation awarded and due part i serving board of management members as of dec.  bill andersonchairmanceo joined april wolfgang nicklfinancejoined april thousand thousand thousand thousandbase compensation .  .  fringe benefits

Score 0.419
.  and the subsequent passages pertaining to the nonfinancial group targets in chapter . .  tables a

Score 0.418
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelmanufacture of medicinal products ppc

Score 0.418
the division s mentioned are those that have identified material risks.  other divisions may also be affected to a lesser extent.  material risks reported by enabling functions are cat egorized under group although they may also affect the divisions.  social and macroeconomic trends high group medium crop science pharmaceuticals we continue to see the risk of geopolitical shifts and tensions that may im pact our global business

Score 0.418
in addition the company pays the cost of security inst allations at each members private residence.  workrelated moving expenses are either individually reim bursed or compensated in the form of a flatrate allowance.  any indemnity payments to new member s of the board of management for variable compensation forfeited on termin ation of previous employment al so constitute fringe benefits.

Score 0.416
opex of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities total a

Score 0.416
.  capex of taxon omyeligible activities a. a.

Score 0.415
exempted from this are table a . .  and the subsequent passages pertaining to the nonfinancial group targets in chapter .

Score 0.415
.  nel nel nel el nel nelopex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  .

Score 0.415
other provisions changes in the various provision categories in were as follows b changes in other provisions million other taxesenvironmentalprotectionrestructuringtraderelatedcommitments litigationspersonnelcommitmentsmiscellaneous totaljanuary additions utilization reversal interest cost exchange differences december of which current the provisions were partly offset by reimbursement claims in the amo unt of million million which were recognized as receivables.  these reimburs ement claims primarily related to product liability.  environmental protection provisions for environmental prot ection are mainly established for the expected costs of ensuring compliance with environmental regula tions remediation work on cont aminated land recultivation of landfills and redevelopment and water protection measures.  restructuring provisions for restructuring only cover expenses th at arise directly from re structuring measures are necessary for restructuring and are not related to future business operations

Score 0.413
and the subsequent passages pertaining to the nonfinancial group targets in chapter . .  tables a .  to a

Score 0.411
. capex of taxon omyeligible activities a. a.  b

Score 0.41
an amount of millio n million was reimbursed by pension vehicles in part for pens ion payments made by group companies in .  no material impairment losses on receivables from related parties were reco gnized in or .  .  total compensation of the board of management and the supervisory board advances and loans in the compensation of the board of management and the supervisory board according to ifrs totaled thousand thousand

Score 0.41
total compensation awarded and due .  .  c .  compensation awarded and due to former board of management members part ii liam condonstepped down dec

Score 0.41
.  .  .  capex of taxon omyeligible activities a