Scores_g_WHOLESALE AND RETAIL TRADE; REPAIR OF MOTOR VEHICLES AND MOTORCYCLESScore 0.523
 pursuant to Sections  f and  d of the German Commercial CodeOctober 

Score 0.519
German Supply Chain Act Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichten

Score 0.518
Accounting policies for Segment information are generally the same as those used for the Consolidated Financial Statements. Segment information is disclosed for continuing operations. For internal and segment reporting purposes intercompany lease transactions however are classified as operating leases by the lessor and are accounted for offbalance sheet by the lessee except for intercompany leases with Siemens Healthineers as lessees. Intersegment transactions are based on market prices.RevenueRevenue includes revenue from contracts with customers and revenue from leasing activities. In fiscal and lease revenue is million and million respectively. In fiscal and Digital industries recognized million and million revenue respectively from its software business Smart Infrastructure recognized million and million in its service business. Revenues of Mobility are mainly derived from constructiontype business. ProfitSiemens Managing Board is responsible for assessing the performance of the segments chief operating decision maker. The Companys profitability measure of the segments except for SFS is earnings before interest certain pension costs income taxes and amortization expenses of intangible assets acquired in business combinations as determined by the chief operating decision maker Profit. The major categories of items excluded from Profit are described below.Interest income expenses are excluded from Profit. Decisionmaking regarding financing is typically made at the corporate level.Decisions on essential pension items are made centrally. Accordingly Profit primarily includes amounts related to service cost of pension plans only while all other regularly recurring pension related costs are included in reconciliations in line item Centrally carried pension expense.Amortization expenses of intangible assets acquired in business combinations are not part of Profit. Furthermore income taxes are excluded from Profit since income tax is subject to legal structures which typically do not correspond to the structure of the segments. The effect of certain litigation and compliance issues is excluded from Profit if such items are not indicative of performance. This may also be the case for items that refer to more than one reportable segment SRE and or POC or have a corporate or central character. Costs for support functions are primarily allocated to the segments. 

Score 0.509
Loans receivables and other debt instruments measured at amortized costContract AssetsLease ReceivablesLoans and other debt instruments under the general approachin millions of Stage Stage Stage Trade receivables and other debt instruments under the simplified approach Valuation allowance as of October Change in valuation allowances recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in the current periodWriteoffs charged against the allowancena na Recoveries of amounts previously written off na na Foreign exchange translation differences and other changesReclassifications to line item Assets held for disposal and dispositions of entitiesValuation allowance as of September Loans receivables and other debt instruments measured at amortized costContract AssetsLease ReceivablesLoans and other debt instruments under the general approachTrade receivables and other debt instruments under the simplified approach in millions of Stage Stage Stage Valuation allowance as of October Change in valuation allowances recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in the current periodWriteoffs charged against the allowancena na Recoveries of amounts previously written off na na Foreign exchange translation differences and other changesReclassifications to line item Assets held for disposal and dispositions of entitiesValuation allowance as of September 

Score 0.506
Sales of goods and services and other incomePurchases of goods and services and other expensesReceivablesLiabilitiesFiscal YearFiscal YearSep Sep Sep Sep in millions of Joint ventures Associates 

Score 0.499
Management of the Company is responsible for the preparation of the EU Taxonomy disclosure in accordance with Art. of Regulation EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of June on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment and amending Regulation EU hereinafter the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the Delegated Acts adopted thereunder as well as in accordance with their own interpretation of the wording and terms contained in the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the Delegated Acts adopted thereunder that is presented in the EU Taxonomy disclosure.These responsibilities of the Companys management include the selection and application of appropriate EU Taxonomy reporting methods and making assumptions and estimates about individual disclosures that are reasonable in the circumstances. Furthermore management is responsible for such internal control as management considers necessary to enable the preparation of the EU Taxonomy disclosure that is free from material misstatement whether due to fraud manipulation of the EU Taxonomy disclosure or error.The EU Taxonomy Regulation and the Delegated Acts adopted thereunder contain wording and terms that are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertainties and for which clarifications have not yet been published in every case. Therefore management has disclosed their interpretation of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the Delegated Acts adopted thereunder in the EU Taxonomy disclosure. They are responsible for the defensibility of this interpretation. Due to the immanent risk that undefined legal terms may be interpreted differently the legal conformity of the interpretation is subject to uncertainties. 

Score 0.49
Continuing operationsContinuing and discontinued operationsFiscal yearFiscal yearin thousandsManufacturing and servicesSales and marketingResearch and developmentAdministration and general servicesNOTE 

Score 0.489
Sep in millions of Raw materials and suppliesWork in progressFinished products and goodsCost of unbilled contractsAdvance payments madeInventoriesNOTE 

Score 0.484
 Trade and other receivables

Score 0.472
Trade receivables of operating units are generally rated internally as of September and approximately and respectively have an investment grade rating and and respectively have a noninvestment grade rating. Contract assets generally show similar risk characteristics as trade receivables in operating units.Amounts above do not represent economic credit risk since they consider neither collateral held nor valuation allowances already recognized.

Score 0.469
legal requirements official regulations and the Companys 

Score 0.467
accordance with the requirements of Section  of the 

Score 0.467
Other operating income in fiscal and mainly includes gains from disposals of businesses of million and million respectively thereof in fiscal mail and parcelhandling business of Siemens Logistics GmbH million and Yunex Traffic million gains from sales of property plant and equipment of million and million respectively as well as insurance related income in both years.

Score 0.464
the stipulated legal framework  by the relevant Managing 

Score 0.463
Calculation of capital employedTotal equityLess Goodwill and other intangible assets resulting from purchase price allocation related to the Varian acquisitionPlus Longterm debtPlus Shortterm debt and current maturities of longterm debtLess Cash and cash equivalentsLess Current interestbearing debt securitiesLess Fair value of foreign currency and interest hedges relating to short and longterm debtPlus Provisions for pensions and similar obligationsLess SFS debtPlus Adjustments from assets classified as held for disposal and liabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposal Less Adjustment for deferred taxes on net accumulated actuarial gainslosses on provisions for pensions and similar obligationsCapital employed continuing and discontinued operations

Score 0.461
Grosscarrying amount Translation differencesAdditions through business combinationsReclassificationsRetire mentsGross carrying amount Accumu lated depre ciationam ortization and impair mentCarrying amount Deprecia tionamorti zation and impairment in fiscal 

Score 0.457
Sep in millions of Raw materials and supplies Work in progress Finished goods and products held for resale Advances to suppliers 

Score 0.455
Sep. in millions of NoteAssetsNoncurrent assets Intangible assetsProperty plant and equipment Financial assetsCurrent assetsInventoriesAdvance payments receivedReceivables and other assetsTrade receivablesReceivables from affiliated companiesOther receivables and other assetsOther SecuritiesCash and cash equivalentsPrepaid expensesDeferred tax assetsActive difference resulting from offsettingTotal assetsShareholders equity and liabilities Shareholders equitySubscribed capital

Score 0.455
Sep in millions of ChangeCash and cash equivalentsTrade and other receivablesOther current financial assetsContract assetsInventoriesCurrent income tax assetsOther current assetsAssets classified as held for disposalTotal current assetsGoodwillOther intangible assetsProperty plant and equipmentInvestments accounted for using the equity methodOther financial assetsDeferred tax assetsOther assetsTotal noncurrent assetsTotal assets

Score 0.453
Changes of regulations laws and policies Regulatory requirements are being introduced or modified at an unprecedented rate often with little or no advance implementation lead time. This creates a risk that new requirements become effective more quickly than they can be implemented in the associated systems and processes potentially resulting in business disruptions and the need for manual mitigation interventions. As a diversified company with global businesses we are exposed to various product and countryrelated regulations laws and policies influencing our business activities and processes. According to observations and analysis there is an increasing risk that existing technical regulations in target markets will suddenly change or new ones will be set in force which result in market access criteria that our products do not meet. The affected products would lose marketability in this market. Reducing the risk of a salesstop depends on the required correction for the nonconformity. In case the product can technically stay as is while it has to undergo new and additional conformity assessment and certification there will be considerable effort and cost to carry out the needed testing and certification procedures. In a worse case the affected product will need reengineering or redesign to meet the requirements of the changed or new technical regulation even before it can become reassessed and certified for market approval. The latter case will cause significant extra effort and cost to make the needed product changes and to maintain the countryspecific product variant as an additional derivative item in the portfolio. In the worst case if the two aforementioned ways of maintaining the products marketability prove to be not feasible we must stop selling the affected product in the market. The uncertain geopolitical situation has triggered unpredictable and often conflicting extraterritorial regulations restrictions and sanctions thus creating a potential risk that it will be difficult to simultaneously comply with all relevant regulatory requirements of certain transactions. Complex crossjurisdictional regulations can vary between countries even within the same region each with slightly different rules and requirements creating a risk that a global standard cannot be effectively implemented and maintained potentially leading to a need for more custom or regional standards. We monitor the political and regulatory landscape in all our key markets to anticipate potential problem areas with the aim of quickly adjusting our business activities and processes to changed conditions. However any changes in regulations laws and policies could adversely affect our business activities and processes as well as our financial condition and results of operations. Current and future investigations regarding allegations of corruption of antitrust violations and of other violations of law Proceedings against us or our business partners regarding allegations of corruption of antitrust violations and of other violations of law may lead to fines as well as penalties sanctions injunctions against future conduct profit disgorgements disqualifications from directly and indirectly engaging in certain types of business the loss of business licenses or permits other restrictions and legal consequences as well as negative public media coverage. Accordingly we may among other things be required to comply with potential obligations and liabilities arising in connection with such investigations and proceedings including potential tax penalties. Moreover any findings related to public corruption that are not covered by the and corruption charge settlements which we concluded with U.S. and German authorities may endanger our business with government agencies and intergovernmental and supranational organizations. Monitors could again be appointed to review future business practices and we may otherwise be required to further modify our business practices and our compliance program.In its global business Siemens does part of its business with stateowned enterprises and governments. We also participate in projects funded by government agencies and intergovernmental and supranational organizations such as multilateral development banks. Ongoing or potential future investigations into allegations of corruption antitrust violations or other violations of law could as well impair relationships with such parties or could result in our exclusion from public contracts. Such investigations may also adversely affect existing private business relationships and our ability to pursue potentially important strategic projects and transactions such as strategic alliances joint ventures or other business alliances or could result in the cancellation of certain of our existing contracts. Moreover third parties including our competitors could initiate significant litigation.In addition future developments in ongoing and potential future investigations such as responding to the requests of governmental authorities and cooperating with them could divert managements attention and resources from other issues facing our business. Furthermore we might be exposed to compliance risks in connection with recently acquired operations that are in the ongoing process of integration. Along with other measures Siemens has established a global compliance organization that conducts compliance risk mitigation processes such as Compliance Risk Assessments among others or initiates audit activities performed by the internal assurance department. Sanctions and export control As a globally operating organization we conduct business with customers in countries which are subject to export control regulations embargoes economic sanctions debarment policies or other forms of trade restrictions hereafter referred to as sanctions imposed by the U.S. the EU China or other countries or organizations. New or expanded sanctions in countries in which we do business may result in a curtailment of our existing business in such countries or indirectly in other countries. We are also aware of policies of national authorities and institutional investors such as pension funds or insurance companies requiring divestment of interests in and prohibiting investment in and transactions with entities doing business with countries identified by the U.S. Department of State as 

Score 0.449
 Reported in the following line items of the Statements of Financial Position as of September and respectively Trade and other receivables Other current financial assets and Other financial assets except for separately disclosed million and million equity instruments in Other financial assets thereof million and million at FVOCI million and million financial assets designated as measured at FVTPL and million and million derivative financial instruments thereof in Other financial assets million and million as well as million and million debt instruments measured at FVTPL in Other financial assets. Includes million and million trade receivables from the sale of goods and services thereof million and million with a term of more than twelve months as of September and . Reported in line items Other current financial assets and Other financial assets. Reported in Other financial assets. Includes fair value hedge adjustments. Reported in the following line items of the Statements of Financial Position Shortterm debt and current maturities of longterm debt Trade payables Other current financial liabilities Long term debt and Other financial liabilities except for separately disclosed derivative financial instruments of million and million as of September and respectively. Reported in line items Other current financial liabilities and Other financial liabilities.

Score 0.448
German Commercial Code are set out in Section  of this 

Score 0.446
Gross carrying amount Translation differencesAdditions through business combi nationsReclassi ficationsRetire ments

Score 0.443
sales finance risk management law including compliance and human resources. 

Score 0.443
Foreign currency transaction Transactions that are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of an entity are recorded at that functional currency applying the spot exchange rate at the date when the underlying transactions are initially recognized. At the end of the reporting period foreign currencydenominated monetary assets and liabilities are revalued to functional currency applying the spot exchange rate prevailing at that date. Gains and losses arising from these foreign currency revaluations are recognized in net income. Those foreign currencydenominated transactions which are classified as nonmonetary are remeasured using the historical spot exchange rate.Revenue recognition Siemens recognizes revenue when or as control over distinct goods or services is transferred to the customer i.e. when the customer is able to direct the use of the transferred goods or services and obtains substantially all of the remaining benefits provided a contract with enforceable rights and obligations exists and amongst others collectability of consideration is probable taking our customers creditworthiness into account. Revenue is the transaction price Siemens expects to be entitled to. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if it is highly probable that a significant reversal of revenue will not occur once associated uncertainties are resolved. The amount of variable consideration is calculated by either using the expected value or the most likely amount depending on which is expected to better predict the amount of variable consideration. Consideration is adjusted for the time value of money if the period between the transfer of goods or services and the receipt of payment exceeds twelve months and there is a significant financing benefit either to the customer or Siemens. If a contract contains more than one distinct good or service the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation based on relative standalone selling prices. If standalone selling prices are not observable the Company reasonably estimates those. Revenue is recognized for each performance obligation either at a point in time or over time.Revenues from constructiontype contracts Revenues are recognized over time under the percentageofcompletion method based on the percentage of costs incurred to date compared to total estimated costs. An expected loss on the contract is recognized as an expense immediately. Payment terms are usually days from the date of invoice issued according to the contractual terms. The percentageofcompletion method places considerable importance on accurate estimates of the extent of progress towards completion and may involve estimates on the scope of deliveries and services required to fulfill the contractually defined obligations. These significant estimates include total estimated costs total estimated revenues contract risks including technical political and regulatory risks risks from supply chain constraints and other judgments. Under the percentageofcompletion method changes in estimates may lead to an increase or decrease of revenue. In addition Siemens needs to assess whether the contract is expected to continue or whether it is terminated. In determining whether the continuation or termination of a contract is expected to be the most likely scenario all relevant facts and circumstances relating to the contract are considered on an individual basis. Revenues from maintenance and service contracts Revenues are recognized over time on a straightline basis or if the performance pattern is other than straightline as services are provided i.e. under the percentageofcompletion method as described above. Payment terms are usually days from the date of invoice issued according to the contractual terms. Revenues from product sales Revenues are recognized at a point in time when control of the goods passes to the buyer usually upon delivery of the goods. Invoices are issued at that point in time and are usually payable within days.Revenues from software contracts Software contracts usually comprise the sale of subscription licenses and perpetual licenses which are both onpremise as well as technical support services including updates and unspecified upgrades and the sale of softwareasaservice. Subscription contracts generally contain two separate performance obligations timebased software license and technical support service. Revenues for perpetual and timebased licenses granting the customer a right to use Siemens intellectual property are recognized at a point in time i.e. when control of the license passes to the customer. Revenues for technical support services including updates and unspecified upgrades are recognized over time on a straightline basis as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by Siemens services. Softwareasaservice contracts including related cloud services represent one performance obligation for which revenues are recognized over time on a straightline basis. Payment terms for all transactions are usually days from the date of invoice issued according to the contractual terms. Income from interest Interest is recognized using the effective interest method. Functional costs In general operating expenses by types are assigned to the functions following the functional area of the corresponding profit and cost centers. Amortization depreciation and impairment of intangible assets and property plant and equipment are included in functional costs depending on the use of the assets.Productrelated expenses Provisions for estimated costs related to product warranties are recorded in line item Cost of sales at the time the related sale is recognized.Research and development costs Costs of research activities are expensed as incurred. Costs of development activities are capitalized when the recognition criteria in IAS are met. Capitalized development costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment losses with an amortization period of generally three to years. Earnings per share Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing income from continuing operations income from discontinued operations and net income all attributable to ordinary shareholders of Siemens AG by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share are calculated by assuming conversion or exercise of all potentially dilutive securities and sharebased payment plans.Goodwill Goodwill is not amortized instead goodwill is tested for impairment annually as well as whenever there are events or changes in circumstances triggering events which suggest that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Goodwill is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. The goodwill impairment test is performed at the level of a cashgenerating unit or a group of cashgenerating units generally represented by a segment. Siemens Healthineers is tested one level below the segment. This is the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes.For the purpose of impairment testing goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to the group of cashgenerating units that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination. If the carrying amount of the group of cashgenerating units to which the goodwill is allocated exceeds its recoverable amount an impairment loss on goodwill allocated to that group of cashgenerating units is recognized. The recoverable amount is the higher of the group of cashgenerating units fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. If either of these values exceeds the carrying amount it is not always necessary to determine both values. These 

Score 0.442
Continuing operationsContinuing and discontinued operationsFiscal yearFiscal yearin millions of Wages and salaries Statutory social welfare contributions and expenses for optional support Expenses relating to postemployment benefits 

Score 0.442
income the ratification of the acts of the members of the Managing and Supervisory Boards and the appointment of the independent auditors. Amendments to the Articles of Association and measures that change the Companys 

Score 0.44
Board as well as the regulations regarding their operation 

Score 0.44
List of subsidiaries and associated companies pursuant to Section no. a and b of the German Commercial Code

Score 0.437
. Takeoverrelevant information pursuant to Sections a and a of the German Commercial Code and explanatory report

Score 0.437
The Companys values and Business Conduct Guidelines

Score 0.436
The Business Conduct Guidelines provide the ethical and 

Score 0.436
The Supervisory Board has issued Bylaws for the 

Score 0.435
the Supervisory Board as well as rules for the socalled 

Score 0.432
and composition are defined primarily by the German Stock Corporation Act the Articles of Association of 

Score 0.431
Other legal and regulatory requirements

Score 0.431
Revenue are proceeds from selling and leasing products providing services and granting licenses including licensing contracts for the use of the Siemens trademark.Negative interest from financial investments is presented as a deduction in interest income and positive interest from borrowings as a deduction in interest expenses.Intangible assets acquired for consideration are capitalized at acquisition costs and amortized on a straightline basis over a maximum of five years or if longer the contractually agreed useful life. Items are amortized on a pro rata temporis basis in the year of acquisition. The capitalization option for internally generated intangible assets is not used.Acquired goodwill is generally amortized systematically over the expected useful life of five to years. The expected useful life is based on the expected use of the acquired businesses and is determined in particular by economic factors such as future growth and profit expectations synergy effects and employee base.Property plant and equipment The components of production costs are described in the context of the explanations for inventories. In general property plant and equipment is depreciated using the straightline method. In certain cases the declining balance method is applied whereby a switch is made from the declining balance to the straightline method as soon as the latter results in higher depreciation expense. Items are depreciated on a pro rata temporis basis in the year of acquisition. Lowvalue noncurrent assets that are subject to wear and tear movable and capable of being used independently are expensed immediately or capitalized and fully depreciated in the year of acquisition.

Score 0.429
 Plus Provisions for pensions and similar obligations Plus Credit guarantees Industrial net debt Income from continuing operations before income taxes PlusLess Interest income interest expenses and other financial income expenses net Plus Amortization depreciation and impairments EBITDA Industrial net debtEBITDA..

Score 0.427
Our responsibility is to express a conclusion with limited assurance on the EU Taxonomy disclosure based on our assurance engagement. We conducted our assurance engagement in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE Revised Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board IAASB. This standard requires that we plan and perform the assurance engagement to obtain limited assurance about whether any matters have come to our attention that cause us to believe that the Companys EU Taxonomy disclosure is not prepared in all material respects in accordance with the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the Delegated Acts adopted thereunder as well as the interpretation by management disclosed in the EU Taxonomy disclosure. In a limited assurance engagement the procedures performed are less extensive than in a reasonable assurance engagement and accordingly a substantially lower level of assurance is obtained. The selection of the assurance procedures is subject to the professional judgment of the auditor. In the course of our assurance engagement we have among other things performed the following assurance procedures and other activitiesInquiries of relevant employees for the assessment of the process to identify the Taxonomyeligible and Taxonomyaligned economic activitiesInquiries of the employees responsible for data capture and consolidation as well as the preparation of the EU Taxonomy disclosure about the reporting processes the data capture and compilation methods as well as internal controls to the extent relevant for the limited assurance of the EU Taxonomy disclosureIdentification of likely risks of material misstatement in the EU Taxonomy disclosureAnalytical evaluation of data at the level of the Group and businesses as well as service and governance unitsInquiries and inspection of documents relating to the collection and reporting of dataReconciliation of selected disclosures with the corresponding data in the consolidated financial statements and group management reportEvaluation of the presentation of the EU Taxonomy disclosure.In determining the disclosures in accordance with Art. of the EU Taxonomy Regulation management is required to interpret undefined legal terms. Due to the immanent risk that undefined legal terms may be interpreted differently the legal conformity of their interpretation and accordingly our assurance engagement thereon are subject to uncertainties.

Score 0.426
 List of subsidiaries and associated companies pursuant to Section para. of the German Commercial Code

Score 0.426
thereof maturitiesthereof maturitiesin million of Sep up to year year up to yearsmore than yearsSep up to year year up to yearsmore than yearsLiabilities to banksTrade payablesLiabilities to affiliated companiesOther liabilitiesthereof to longterm investeesthereof miscellaneous liabilitiestherein from taxestherein for social securityLiabilities

Score 0.424
the duties assigned to it by law the Siemens Articles 

Score 0.424
Special reserve with an equity portion includes reserves pursuant to Section b of the German Income Tax Act Einkommensteuergesetz recognized and transferred in fiscal years prior to the transition to regulations of the German Accounting Law Modernisation Act Bilanzrechtsmodernisierungsgesetz.Financial assets Impairment losses are recognized if the decline in value is presumed to be other than temporary. This applies if objective evidence particularly events or changes in circumstances indicate a significant or other than temporary decline in value. In case of an impairment in prior periods a lower recognized value may not be maintained if the reasons for the impairment do no longer exist.Inventories are measured at the lower of average acquisition or production costs and daily values. Production costs comprise in addition to direct costs an appropriate portion of production and material overheads and depreciation of property plant and equipment. General administration expenses expenses for social facilities voluntary social costs and company pension scheme costs are not capitalized. Writedowns are recorded to cover inventory risks for reduced usability and technological obsolescence as well as in the context of lossfree valuation of unbilled contracts in constructiontype and service businesses.Allowances on receivables are determined on the basis of the probability of default and country risks.Deferred tax assets for differences between valuations of balance sheet line items in accordance to commercial and tax law and tax loss carryforwards are recognized if a future tax benefit is expected. Deferred tax assets are netted with deferred tax liabilities. Recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities comprise temporary differences of assets liabilities and deferred items of entities forming part of the Siemens AG tax group and partnerships to the extent that the recovery or settlement of the carrying amount of assets liabilities or deferred items result in a deductible or taxable amount in the taxable profit loss of Siemens AG.Offsetting of assets and of income and expenses Siemens AG measures assets at fair value that are designated as being held exclusively to settle specified pension obligations and obligations for early retirement Altersteilzeit arrangements and which cannot be accessed by other creditors.Pensions and similar commitments Siemens AG measures its pension obligations using the settlement amount calculated with the actuarial projected unit credit method on the basis of biometric probabilities. The discount rate used corresponds to the average market interest rate for instruments with an assumed remaining maturity of years as published by German Federal Reserve Bank Deutsche Bundesbank.

Score 0.424
Other includes provisions for life and industrial business reinsurance contracts liability property construction in connection with the Siemens Energy business of million and million as of September and thereof life million and million and industrial business million and million respectively as of September and . The provisions are for incurred and reported insurance losses as well as for incurred hence not yet reported insurance losses as of fiscal yearend. The provision is determined using actuarial standard valuation methodologies which are parameterized based on historical loss data. Life reinsurance contracts have an average term of years whereas the cash outflows for the industrial business reinsurance contracts are expected within the next five years. Other also includes provisions for Legal Proceedings as far as the risks that are subject to such Legal Proceedings are not already covered by project accounting. Provisions for Legal Proceedings amounted to million and million as of September and respectively. As of September and million and million are included for claims and charges resulting from the construction business. Furthermore Other includes provision for indemnifications in connection with dispositions of businesses of million and million as of September and . Such indemnifications may protect the buyer from potential tax legal and other risks in conjunction with the purchased business. 

Score 0.422
Commercial Code are set out in Section  of this 

Score 0.422
framework with the objectives that the Supervisory Board had approved for its composition including the 

Score 0.422
Management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that comply in all material respects with IFRSs as adopted by the EU and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Sec. e HGB as well as with full IFRSs as issued by the IASB and that the consolidated financial statements in compliance with these requirements give a true and fair view of the assets liabilities financial position and financial performance of the Group. In addition management is responsible for such internal control as management has determined necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement whether due to fraud i.e. fraudulent financial reporting and misappropriation of assets or error.In preparing the consolidated financial statements management is responsible for assessing the Groups ability to continue as a going concern. It also has the responsibility for disclosing as applicable matters related to going concern. In addition management is responsible for financial reporting based on the going concern basis of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or there is no realistic alternative but to do so.Furthermore management is responsible for the preparation of the group management report that as a whole provides an appropriate view of the Groups position and is in all material respects consistent with the consolidated financial statements complies with German legal requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development. In addition management is responsible for such arrangements and measures systems as management has considered necessary to enable the preparation of a group management report that is in accordance with the applicable German legal requirements and to be able to provide sufficient appropriate evidence for the assertions in the group management report.The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the Groups financial reporting process for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and of the group management report. 

Score 0.421
Profit of the segment SFSIn contrast to performance measurement principles applied to other segments interest income and expenses are included since interest is an important source of revenue and expense of SFS.Asset measurement principlesManagement determined Assets Net capital employed as a measure to assess capital intensity of the segments except for SFS. Its definition corresponds to the Profit measure except for amortization expenses of intangible assets acquired in business combinations which are not part of Profit however the related intangible assets are included in the segments Assets. Segment Assets is based on Total assets of the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position primarily excluding intragroup financing receivables tax related assets and assets of discontinued operations since the corresponding positions are excluded from Profit. The remaining assets are reduced by noninterestbearing liabilities other than tax related liabilities e.g. trade payables to derive Assets. In contrast Assets of SFS is Total assets. In individual cases assets of Mobility include projectspecific intercompany financing of longterm projects. Assets of Siemens Healthineers include real estate while real estate of all other segments is carried at SRE.OrdersOrders are determined principally as estimated revenue of accepted purchase orders for which enforceable rights and obligations exist as well as subsequent order value changes and adjustments excluding letters of intent. To determine orders Siemens considers termination rights and customers creditworthiness. As of September and order backlog totaled billion and billion continuing operations thereof Digital Industries billion and billion Smart Infrastructure billion and billion Mobility billion and billion and Siemens Healthineers billion and billion. In fiscal Siemens expects to convert approximately billion of the September order backlog into revenue thereof at Digital Industries approximately billion Smart Infrastructure approximately billion Mobility approximately billion and Siemens Healthineers approximately billion.Free cash flow definitionFree cash flow of the segments constitutes cash flows from operating activities less additions to intangible assets and property plant and equipment. Except for SFS it excludes financing interest except for cases where interest on qualifying assets is capitalized or classified as contract costs it also excludes income tax as well as certain other payments and proceeds. Free cash flow of SFS includes related financing interest payments and proceeds income tax payments and proceeds of SFS are excluded. In individual cases free cash flow of Mobility includes projectspecific intercompany financing of longterm projects. Amortization depreciation and impairmentsAmortization depreciation and impairments includes depreciation and impairments of property plant and equipment as well as amortization and impairments of intangible assets each net of reversals of impairment.

Score 0.418
the Code. The regulations establishing limits on age and restricting membership in the Supervisory Board to three full terms of office are complied with.The implementation status of the profile of required skills and expertise is disclosed below in the form of a qualification matrix.

Score 0.418
vided in the Bylaws for the Supervisory Board and the 

Score 0.417
German legal requirements set out in Section  para.  of 

Score 0.417
in millions of WarrantiesOrder related losses and risksAsset retirement obligationsOtherTotalBalance as of October thereof noncurrent Additions Usage Reversals Translation differences Accretion expense and effect of changes in discount rates Other changes including reclassifications to held for disposal and disposition of those entities Balance as of September thereof noncurrent 

Score 0.417
folio as well as production and manufacturing methods. 

Score 0.417
Annual Financial Statements. Income Statement. Balance Sheet. Notes to Annual Financial StatementsNote RevenueNote Other operating income and expensesNote Income loss from investments netNote Interest income and interest expensesNote Other financial income expenses netNote Income taxesNote Other taxesNote Income relating to prior periodsNote Expenses relating to prior periodsNote Noncurrent assetsNote InventoriesNote Receivables and other assetsNote Deferred tax assetsNote Active difference resulting from offsettingNote Shareholders equityNote Provisions for pensions and similar commitmentsNote Other provisionsNote LiabilitiesNote Material expensesNote Personnel expensesNote Sharebased paymentNote Shares in investment fundsNote Guarantees and other commitmentsNote Financial payment obligations under lease and rental arrangementsNote Other financial obligationsNote Derivative financial instruments and valuation unitsNote Proposal for the appropriation of net incomeNote Remuneration of the members of the Managing Board and the Supervisory BoardNote Declaration of Compliance with the German Corporate Governance CodeNote Subsequent eventsNote Members of the Managing Board and Supervisory BoardNote List of subsidiaries and associated companies pursuant to Section no. a and b of the German Commercial Code

Score 0.416
Sep in millions of Trade receivables from the sale of goods and services Receivables from finance leases 

Score 0.416
Corporate Governance Statement pursuant to Sections  f and  d of the German Commercial Code

Score 0.415
Declaration of Conformity in accordance with Section  

Score 0.414
Inventories

Score 0.411
comprehensive prohibition on competitive activity for the 

Score 0.411
by the Supervisory Board regarding the Declaration of 

Score 0.411
Acquisition or production costsAccumulated depreciationamortizationCarrying amount

Score 0.41
Conformity pursuant to Section  of the German Stock 

Score 0.41
Expected tax effects arising from prospectively applying the global minimum taxation rules Pillar Two are not considered in calculating deferred tax assets and liabilities. Currently it is expected to apply Pillar Two to the entire Siemens Group commencing with fiscal .Contract assets contract liabilities receivables When either party to a contract with customers has performed Siemens presents a contract asset a contract liability or a receivable depending on the relationship between Siemens performance and the customers payment. Contract assets and liabilities are presented as current since incurred in the normal operating cycle. Receivables are recognized when the right to consideration becomes unconditional. Valuation allowances for credit risks are made for contract assets and receivables in accordance with the accounting policy for financial assets measured at amortized cost.Inventories Inventories are valued at the lower of acquisition or production costs and net realizable value costs being generally determined based on an average or firstin firstout method. Determining net realizable value of inventories involves accounting estimates for quantity technical and price risks.Defined benefit plans Siemens measures the entitlements by applying the projected unit credit method. The approach reflects an actuarially calculated net present value of the future benefit entitlement for services already rendered. In determining the net present value of the future benefit entitlement for service already rendered Defined Benefit Obligation DBO the expected rates of salary and pension increases are considered. The assumptions used for the calculation of the DBO as of the periodend of the preceding fiscal year are used to determine the calculation of service cost and interest income and expense of the following year. Significant plans apply individual spot rates from full discount rate curves to determine service cost and interest expense. The net interest income or expense for the fiscal year will be based on the discount rate for the respective year multiplied by the net defined benefit liability asset at the preceding fiscal years periodend date.Service cost past service cost and settlement gains losses for pensions and similar obligations as well as administration costs unrelated to the management of plan assets are allocated among functional costs. Past service cost and settlement gains losses are recognized immediately in profit or loss. For unfunded plans the amount in line item Provisions for pensions and similar obligations equals the DBO. For funded plans Siemens offsets the fair value of the plan assets from the DBO. Siemens recognizes the net amount after adjustments for effects relating to any asset ceiling.Remeasurements comprise actuarial gains and losses as well as the difference between the return on plan assets and the amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability asset. They are recognized in Other comprehensive income net of income taxes.Actuarial valuations rely on key assumptions including discount rates expected compensation increases rate of pension progression and mortality rates. Discount rates used are determined by reference to yields on highquality corporate bonds of appropriate duration and currency at the end of the reporting period. In case such yields are not available discount rates are based on government bonds yields. Due to changing market economic and social conditions the underlying key assumptions may differ from actual developments.Entitlements resulting from plans based on asset returns from underlying assets are generally measured at the fair value of the underlying assets at periodend. If the performance of the underlying assets is lower than a guaranteed return the DBO is measured by projecting forward the contributions at the guaranteed fixed return and discounting back to a present value. Provisions A provision is recognized in the Statement of Financial Position when it is probable that the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. If the effect is material provisions are recognized at present value by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pretax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money. When a contract becomes onerous the present obligation under the contract is recognized as a provision.Significant estimates are involved in the determination of provisions related to onerous contracts warranty costs asset retirement obligations legal and regulatory proceedings as well as governmental investigations Legal Proceedings. Siemens records a provision for onerous contracts with customers when current estimates of total estimated costs exceed estimated revenue. Onerous contracts with customers are identified by monitoring the progress of the project and updating the estimates which requires significant judgment relating to achieving certain performance standards as well as estimates involving warranty costs and estimates regarding project delays including the assessment of responsibility splits between the contract partners for these delays. Legal Proceedings often involve complex legal issues and are subject to substantial uncertainties. Accordingly considerable judgment is part of determining whether it is probable that there is a present obligation as a result of a past event at the end of the reporting period whether it is probable that such a Legal Proceeding will result in an outflow of resources and whether the amount of the obligation can be reliably estimated. Internal and external counsels are generally part of the determination process. Due to new developments it may be necessary to record a provision for an ongoing Legal Proceeding or to adjust the amount of a previously recognized provision. Upon resolution of a Legal Proceeding Siemens may incur charges in excess of the recorded provisions for such matters. The outcome of Legal Proceedings may have a material effect on Siemens financial position its results of operations andor its cash flows.Termination benefits Termination benefits are provided as a result of an entitys offer made in order to encourage voluntary redundancy before the regular retirement date or from an entitys decision to terminate the employment. Termination benefits in accordance with IAS Employee Benefits are recognized as a liability and an expense when the entity can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits.Financial instruments A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity. Based on their contractual cash flow characteristics and the business model they are held in financial instruments are classified as financial assets and financial liabilities measured at cost or amortized cost measured at fair value loan commitments contract assets and receivables from finance leases. Regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are accounted for at the trade date. Initially financial instruments are recognized at fair value and net of transaction costs if not categorized at FVTPL. Subsequently financial assets and liabilities are measured according to the category to which they are assigned toFinancial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss FVTPL a mandatorily measured at FVTPL Debt financial assets are measured at FVTPL if the business model they are held in is not a holdtocollect or a holdandsell business model or if their contractual cash flows do not represent solely payments of principal and interest. Equity instruments are measured at FVTPL unless the FVOCIoption is elected. b Financial assets designated as measured at FVTPL are irrevocably designated at initial recognition if the designation significantly reduces accounting mismatches that would otherwise arise if assets and liabilities as well as recognizing gains losses were measured on different bases.

Score 0.408
ple the Bylaws for the Managing Board the Bylaws for 

Score 0.408
the Supervisory Board the bylaws for the Supervisory 

Score 0.408
Includes assets reclassified to Assets classified as held for disposal and dispositions of those entities.

Score 0.407
The following table discloses the carrying amounts of each category of financial assets and financial liabilities

Score 0.406
Fiscal yearin millions of NoteRevenueCost of salesGross profitResearch and development expensesSelling expensesGeneral administrative expensesOther operating incomeOther operating expensesIncome loss from operationsIncome loss from investments netInterest incomethereof negative interest from financial investmentInterest expensesthereof positive interest from borrowingOther financial income expenses netIncome from business activityIncome taxesNet incomeAppropriation of net incomeNet incomeProfit carried forwardAllocation to other retained earningsUnappropriated net income

Score 0.406
transactions. Furthermore the Chairmans Committee 

Score 0.406
Cost of sales includes inventories recognized as expense amounting to million and million respectively in fiscal and . Compared to prior year writedowns increased by million in fiscal . In fiscal writedowns increased by million compared to fiscal .

Score 0.406
Risk management Legal  complianceHuman resourcesFamiliarity with business area  sector  According to the German Corporate Governance Code GCGC.  According to Section para.  of the German Stock Corporation Act and recommendation D. of the GCGC.     Criterion met based on a selfassessment by the Supervisory Board. A dot means at least good knowledge and thus the ability to understand the relevant issues well and make informed decisions on the basis of existing qualifications the knowledge and experience acquired in the course of work as a member of the Supervisory Board for example many years of service on the Audit Committee or the training measures regularly attended by all members of the Supervisory Board.Corporate Governance Statement 

Score 0.404
Treasury sharesIssued capitalCapital reserveOther retained earningsUnappropriated net incomeSpecial reserve with an equity portionProvisionsProvisions for pensions and similar commitmentsProvisions for taxesOther provisionsLiabilitiesLiabilities to banksTrade payablesLiabilities to affiliated companiesOther liabilitiesDeferred incomeTotal shareholders equity and liabilities

Score 0.404
The carrying amount of Advances to suppliers and construction in progress includes million and million respectively of property plant and equipment under construction in fiscal and . As of September and contractual commitments for purchases of property plant and equipment are million and million respectively. In fiscal Siemens Healthineers incurred impairment losses in the endovascular robotics solution business of million mainly on other intangible assets due to a decision to refocus certain activities within this business. The impairment loss is primarily reported at Cost of sales. The recoverable amount of the cash generating unit of million is fair value less costs to sell determined by applying a discounted cash flow model Level of the fair value hierarchy using a after tax discount rate and a term corresponding to the expected useful life of the respective asset.Rightofuse assets are presented in Property plant and equipment in accordance with their nature rightofuse assets have a carrying amount of million and million as of September and respectively additions are million and million and depreciation expense is million and million in fiscal and . Rightofuse assets mainly relate to leases of land and buildings with a carrying amount of million and million as of September and additions of million and million and depreciation expense of million and million in fiscal and . Equipment leased to others mainly relate to Technical machinery and equipment as well as to Office and other equipment owned by Siemens with a carrying amount of million and million respectively as of September and million and million respectively as of September .In fiscal and expenses recognized for shortterm leases are million and million respectively expenses for lowvalue leases not accounted for under the rightofuse model are million and million respectively. Sale and Leaseback transactions resulted in gains of million and million respectively in fiscal and . 

Score 0.403
ourselves with business potential particularly in the areas of decarbonization energy efficiency and resource efficiency. Regulatory requirements  in particular the 

Score 0.402
Firm commitments and forecast transactions relate to transactions for which a legally binding contract was concluded but not yet performed on by either contracting party as well as contingent payment claims for already partially completed performance obligations in the project and product businesses.As of September the fair value of derivative financial instruments from foreign currency hedging transactions was million net. Positive fair values of million were offset by negative fair values of million. For derivative financial instruments with negative fair values no provision for anticipated losses was recognized as part of the valuation unit.

Score 0.402
Oct AdditionsReclassificationsDisposalsSep Oct DepreciationamortizationWriteupsDisposalsSep Sep Sep 

Score 0.401
 Other operating income and expenses

Score 0.401
Sep Sep in millions of NoteAssetsCash and cash equivalentsTrade and other receivablesOther current financial assetsContract assetsInventoriesCurrent income tax assetsOther current assetsAssets classified as held for disposalTotal current assetsGoodwill Other intangible assets Property plant and equipmentInvestments accounted for using the equity methodOther financial assets Deferred tax assetsOther assetsTotal noncurrent assetsTotal assetsLiabilities and equityShortterm debt and current maturities of longterm debtTrade payablesOther current financial liabilitiesContract liabilitiesCurrent provisionsCurrent income tax liabilitiesOther current liabilitiesLiabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposalTotal current liabilitiesLongterm debtProvisions for pensions and similar obligationsDeferred tax liabilitiesProvisionsOther financial liabilitiesOther liabilitiesTotal noncurrent liabilitiesTotal liabilitiesEquity Issued capitalCapital reserveRetained earningsOther components of equityTreasury shares at cost Total equity attributable to shareholders of Siemens AGNoncontrolling interestsTotal equityTotal liabilities and equity

Score 0.401
provided in the Report of the Supervisory Board which is 

Score -0.014
Christian Pfeiffer Dr. Ing. 

Score 0.262
ing Board in fiscal .

Score 0.252
ports were dealt with at the Audit Committee meeting on 

Score 0.169
December  and at the Supervisory Board meeting 

Score -0.036
on December  .

Score 0.255
Changes in the composition of the Supervisory and Managing Boards

Score 0.114
There were no changes in the composition of the Manag

Score 0.135
 to familiarize those members in particular with 

Score 0.192
The Sustainability Report for fiscal and the informa

Score 0.231
The shareholder representatives Michael Diekmann Dr. Ing. Dr. Ing. E. h. Norbert Reithofer and Baroness Nemat Shafik and the employee representative 

Score 0.11
Gunnar Zukunft left the Supervisory Board upon the 

Score 0.221
members of the Supervisory Board was held on March  

Score 0.237
overview of Companyrelevant matters onboarding. In fiscal  a separate informational event for the new 

Score 0.169
topics of fundamental importance and thus gain an 

Score 0.246
expiry of their regular terms of office at the end of the Annual Shareholders Meeting on February .On February the Annual Shareholders Meeting 

Score 0.362
tion regarding the EU taxonomy in the Combined Management Report for Siemens AG and the Siemens Group for fiscal and the independent auditors related re

Score 0.323
the Companys business model and strategy and with the 

Score -0.02
elected Dr. Regina E. Dugan Keryn Lee James and 

Score 0.217
structures of the Siemens Group. As part of this onboard

Score 0.151
ing program Supervisory Board members also have the 

Score 0.357
per share entitled to a dividend and that the amount of net income attributable to shares of stock not entitled to receive a dividend for fiscal be carried forward.