Scores_k_FINANCIAL AND INSURANCE ACTIVITIESScore 0.581
. Other financial assets 

Score 0.573
. Other financial liabilities 

Score 0.569
 Other reconciling items and eliminations Segment assets Group Unallocated financial instruments including liquidity and assets from pensions and similar obligations

Score 0.562
Other assets and liabilities

Score 0.556
 Other reconciling items and eliminations Segment liabilities Group Unallocated financial instruments and liabilities from pensions and similar obligations

Score 0.554
 Miscellaneous other financial liabilities

Score 0.547
 Trade receivables Cash and cash equivalents Marketable debt securities and similar investments Other receivables and miscellaneous other financial assets Financial assets recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income Marketable debt securities and similar investments Equity instruments and debt instruments Financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss Marketable debt securities and similar investments Equity instruments and debt instruments Other financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss

Score 0.544
In the case of manufactured inventories and work in progress manufacturing cost also includes production overheads based on normal capacity. Financial instruments A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity. Financial instruments in the form of financial assets and financial liabilities are generally presented separately. Financial instruments are recognized as soon as the MercedesBenz Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. In the case of purchases or sales of financial assets through the regular market the MercedesBenz Group uses the transaction date as the date of initial recognition or derecognition. Upon initial recognition financial instruments are measured at fair value. For the purpose of subsequent measurement financial instruments are allocated to one of the categories mentioned in IFRS Financial Instruments financial assets measured at amortized cost financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss. Transaction costs directly attributable to acquisition or issuance are considered when determining the carrying amount if the financial instruments are not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Financial assets Financial assets primarily comprise receivables from financial services trade receivables receivables from banks cash on hand derivative financial assets marketable securities and similar investments and financial investments. The classification of financial instruments is based on the business model in which these instruments are held and on their contractual cash flows. The determination of the business model is carried out at the portfolio level and is based on managements intention and past transaction patterns. Assessments of the contractual cash flows are made on an instrumentbyinstrument basis. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets with cash flows other than those of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding. Furthermore financial assets that are held in a business model other than hold to collect or hold to collect and sell are included here. In addition derivatives including embedded derivatives separated from the host contract which are not classified as hedging instruments in hedge accounting as well as shares and marketable debt securities acquired for the purpose of selling in the short term that are classified as held for trading are included here. Gains or losses on these financial assets are recognized in profit or loss. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are nonderivative financial assets with contractual cash flows that consist solely of payments of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding and which are held to collect the contractual cash flows as well as to sell the financial assets e.g. to achieve a defined liquidity target business model hold to collect and sell. This category also includes equity instruments not held for trading for which the option to recognize changes in the fair value of the instrument within other comprehensive income has been applied. 

Score 0.539
The increase in miscellaneous other assets and liabilities compared with the previous year was primarily related to miscellaneous other financial assets liabilities from accrued interest and deferred income. In the prior year significant positive effects resulted from assets in connection with the securitization of receivables and from contractual liabilities for price discounts. This was partially offset by lower negative effects in miscellaneous other financial liabilities and the contract liabilities for service and maintenance agreements. The following cash flows are included in Cash flow from operating activities. 

Score 0.528
Detailed information on the amounts and terms of the main items of financing liabilities is provided in Notes and of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Note of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements also provides information on the maturities of the other financial liabilities.

Score 0.528
Net gainslosses In millions of euros Equity and debt instruments recognized at fair value through profit or loss Other financial assets and financial liabilities recognized at fair value through profit or loss

Score 0.525
The composition of other financial liabilities is shown in the following table. Further information on other financial liabilities is provided in Note . 

Score 0.523
Capital reserveRetained earningsDistributable profitEquityProvisions for pensions and similarobligationsOther provisionsProvisionsTradepayablesOther liabilitiesLiabilitiesDeferred incomeTotal equity and liabilities

Score 0.519
Other financial obligations 

Score 0.518
Maximum risk position Note In millions of euros Liquid assets Receivables from financial services Trade receivables Derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting assets only Derivative financial instruments not used in hedge accounting assets only Other receivables and financial assets Irrevocable loan commitments Financial guarantees 

Score 0.516
Transactions with related partiesIncome from sales of goods and services and other income Expense from purchases of goods and services and other expense Receivables and rightofuseassets Liabilities and provisions

Score 0.515
 Miscellaneous other financial liabilities excluding accrued interest and liabilities from financial guarantees Obligations from sales transactions Irrevocable loan commitments

Score 0.514
. Management of financial risks General information on financial risks 

Score 0.512
Other financial incomeexpense net In millions of euros Income and expense from compounding and effects from changes in discount rates of provisions for other risksIncome from equity instruments Expense from equity instrumentsMiscellaneous other financial incomeexpense net 

Score 0.509
Carrying amounts and fair values of financial instrumentsAt December At December Carrying amount Fair value Carrying amount Fair value In millions of euros Receivables from financial services Trade receivables Cash and cash equivalents Marketable debt securities and similar investments Recognized at fair value through profit or loss Recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income Measured at cost Other financial assets Equity instruments and debt instruments Recognized at fair value through profit or loss Recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income Other financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss Derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting Other receivables and miscellaneous other financial assets Financial assets Financing liabilities Trade payables Other financial liabilities Financial liabilities recognized at fair value through profit or loss Derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting Miscellaneous other financial liabilities Contract and refund liabilities Obligations from sales transactions Financial liabilities 

Score 0.507
Plan assets are used solely to fulfil pension obligations and to cover the administration costs of the plan assets. The composition of the Groups pension plan assets is shown in the following table

Score 0.506
Gainslosses on equitymethod investments This item includes all income and expenses in connection with investments accounted for using the equity method. In addition to the prorated profits and losses from financial investments it also includes profits and losses resulting from the sale of equity interests or the remeasurement of equity interests following a loss of significant influence or joint control. The MercedesBenz Groups share of dilution gains and losses resulting from the Groups nonparticipation or subproportional participation in capital increases of companies in which shares are held and are accounted for using the equity method is also included in gainslosses on equitymethod investments. Nonparticipation or subproportional participation in capital reductions is recorded as fictitious acquisition transactions. This item also includes impairment losses andor gains on the reversal of such impairments of equitymethod investments. Other financial incomeexpenseOther financial incomeexpense includes all income and expense from financial transactions which are included neither in interest income nor in interest expense and which for MercedesBenz Mobility are included neither in revenue nor in cost of sales. Furthermore income and expenses from equity interests are included in other financial incomeexpense if such income or expenses are not presented under gainslosses on equitymethod investments. Interest income and interest expense Interest income and interest expense include interest income from investments in securities and from cash and cash equivalents as well as interest expense from liabilities. Furthermore interest and changes in fair values related to interest rate hedging activities as well as income and expense resulting from the allocation of premiums and discounts are included. The interest components of defined benefit pension commitments and similar obligations as well as of the plan assets available to cover these obligations and interest on supplementary income tax payments or reimbursements are also presented in this line item. Interest income and expense and gains or losses from derivative financial instruments related to the financial services business are disclosed under revenue and cost of sales respectively. Expense from the compounding of interest on provisions for other risks is presented in other financial incomeexpense. Income taxesIncome taxes are comprised of current income taxes and deferred taxes. Current income taxes are calculated based on the respective local taxable income and local tax rules for the period. The calculation of income taxes of MercedesBenz Group AG and its subsidiaries is based on the legislation and regulations applicable in the various countries. In addition current income taxes presented for the reporting year include adjustments for uncertain tax payments or tax refunds for periods not yet finally assessed however excluding interest expenses and interest refunds and penalties on the underpayment of taxes. In cases for which it is probable that amounts declared as expenses in the tax returns might not be recognized uncertain tax positions a liability for income taxes is recognized. The amount is based on the best estimate of the expected tax payment expected amount or most likely amount. Taxrefund claims from uncertain tax positions are recognized when it is probable that they can be realized. Only in the case of taxloss carryforwards or unused tax credits no liability for taxes or tax claim is recognized for these uncertain tax positions. Instead the deferred tax assets for the unused taxloss carryforwards or tax credits are adjusted. Changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities are generally recognized through profit and loss in deferred taxes in the Consolidated Statement of Income except 

Score 0.506
Presentation in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Casheffective government grants are shown in cash flow from operating activities. In addition interest paid as well as interest and dividends received are allocated to cash flow from operating activities. To the extent that the reverse factoring agreements entered into by the MercedesBenz Group do not result in a change in the presentation of the original trade payables the cash flows from these agreements are also presented in cash flow from operating activities. Furthermore all cash flows of receivables from financial services in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows are also classified as cash flow from operating activities. The cash flows from shortterm marketable debt securities with high turnover rates and significant amounts are offset and presented within cash flow from investing activities. 

Score 0.504
Financial positionTotal assets of . billion were below the level of the previous year . billion.Noncurrent assets increased by . billion to . billion in the course of the year. This was due to the increase of . billion in financial assets.Receivables securities and other assets decreased compared with December by . billion to . billion. This is the result of the decrease in receivables from subsidiaries of . billion which in turn was caused by lower intraGroup financial receivables. In addition the other assets decreased by . billion in particular due to the maturity of fixedterm deposits.

Score 0.504
Other liabilities are composed as follows. 

Score 0.503
. Marketable debt securities and similar investments 

Score 0.501
The line item other financial assets presented in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position is comprised as shown in the following table. Further information on other financial assets is provided in Note . At December other financial assets included receivables with a carrying amount of million million that were pledged as collateral for liabilities. 

Score 0.499
. Receivables from financial services 

Score 0.499
The table Carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments shows the carrying amounts and fair values of the respective classes of the Groups financial instruments and contain the Group amounts including assets and liabilities held for sale. The fair values of financial instruments were calculated on the basis of market information available on the balance sheet date. The following methods and assumptions were used. Receivables from financial services The fair values of receivables from financial services with variable interest rates are estimated to be equal to the respective carrying amounts because the agreed upon interest rates and those available in the market do not significantly differ. The fair values of receivables from financial services with fixed interest rates are determined on the basis of discounted expected future cash flows. Discounting is based on the current interest rates at which similar loans with identical terms could have been obtained at December and December . Trade receivables and cash and cash equivalents Due to the short terms and the fundamentally lower credit risk of these financial instruments it is assumed that their fair values are equal to the carrying amounts.Marketable debt securities and similar investments other financial assets Marketable debt securities are recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income or at fair value through profit or loss. Similar investments are measured at amortized cost and are not included in the measurement hierarchy as their carrying amounts are a reasonable approximation of fair value due to the short terms of these financial instruments and the fundamentally low credit risk. Equity instruments are recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income or at fair value through profit or loss. Equity instruments recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income are included in the table Carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments and primarily comprise the shares in Sila Nanotechnologies Inc. Momenta Global Limited and Aston Martin Lagonda Global Holdings Plc. The remaining investments recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income comprise further investments not material on an individual basis. Marketable debt securities and equity instruments recognized at fair value were measured using quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. If quoted market prices are not available for these debt and equity instruments fair value measurement is based on inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable in active markets. Fair values are calculated using recognized financial valuation models such as discounted cash flow models or multiples. Other financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss relate to derivative financial instruments not used in hedge accounting. These financial instruments as well as derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting comprise derivative currency hedging contracts the fair values of crosscurrency interest rate swaps are determined on the basis of the discounted estimated future cash flows taking account of credit premiums and default risks using the market interest rates appropriate to the remaining terms of the financial instruments. The measurement of currency forwards is based on market quotes of forward curves. Currency options are measured with optionpricing models using market data.derivative interest rate hedging contracts the fair values of interest rate hedging instruments e.g. interest rate swaps are calculated on the basis of the discounted estimated future cash flows taking account of credit premiums and default risks using the 

Score 0.499
Annual Report MercedesBenz GroupManagement of pension assets plan assets includes the investment of the assets to cover the corresponding pension obligations. The plan assets are legally separated from the Groups assets and are invested primarily in funds they are not available for general business purposes. The plan assets are spread across a broad range of investment categories such as equities fixedinterest securities alternative investments and real estate depending on the expected development of pension obligations and with the help of riskreturn optimization. The performance of the asset management is measured by comparison with defined benchmark indices. The investment risks are limited via a Groupwide policy. In addition there are local regulations for risk management for the individual plan assets. Additional information on pension plans and similar obligations is provided in Note of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The risk volume that is subject to credit risk management includes the MercedesBenz Groups worldwide creditor positions with financial institutions issuers of securities and customers in the financial services business as well as trade receivables. Credit risks with financial institutions and issuers of securities arise primarily from investments executed as part of our liquidity management and from the application of derivative financial instruments. The management of these credit risks is mainly based on an internal limit system that reflects the creditworthiness of the respective financial institution or issuer. The credit risk with customers of the automotive business results from relationships with contracted dealerships and general agencies other corporate customers and retail customers. In connection with the export business general agencies that according to the creditworthiness analyses are not sufficiently creditworthy are generally required to provide collaterals such as firstclass bank guarantees. The credit risk with end customers in the financial services business is managed by MercedesBenz Mobility on the basis of a standardized riskmanagement process. In this process minimum requirements are defined for the salesfinancing and leasing business and standards are set for credit processes as well as for the identification measurement and management of risks. Key elements for the management of credit risks are appropriate creditworthiness assessments supported by statistical riskclassification methods as well as structured portfolio analysis and portfolio monitoring. Financial country risk management includes various aspects the risk from investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures the risk from the crossborder financing of Group companies in highrisk countries and the risk from direct sales to customers in those countries. The Group has an internal rating system that assigns the countries in which it operates to risk categories. Risks from crossborder receivables are partially protected with the use of letters of credit and bank guarantees in favour of MercedesBenz Group AG and other Group companies. In addition an internal committee sets and restricts the level of hardcurrency credits granted to MercedesBenz Mobility companies in highrisk countries. Further information on the management of marketprice risk credit risk and liquidity risk is provided in Note of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Score 0.497
Changes in other operating assets and liabilities In millions of euros Provisions Financial instruments Miscellaneous other assets and liabilities 

Score 0.496
Amounts for the transactions designated as hedging instrumentsCurrency risk Interest rate risk Commodity price risk Cash flow hedges Cash flow hedges

Score 0.495
Nonfinancial other assets are comprised as shown in the following table. Other expected reimbursements predominantly relate to recovery claims against our suppliers in connection with issued product warranties. 

Score 0.495
Receivables from financial servicesAt December At December Current Noncurrent Total Current Noncurrent Total In millions of euros Sales financing with customers Sales financing with dealers Finance lease contracts Residualvalue receivables Gross carrying amount Loss allowances Net carrying amount 

Score 0.494
. Financial instruments Carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments 

Score 0.491
.	 Material accounting policies.	 Accounting estimates and management judgements.	 Consolidated Group.	 Revenue.	 Functional costs.	 Other operating income and expense.	 Other financial incomeexpense.	 Interest income and interest expense.	 Income taxes.	Intangible assets.	Property plant and equipment.	Equipment on operating leases.	Equitymethod investments.	Receivables from financial services.	Marketable debt securities and similar investments.	Other financial assets.	Other assets.	Inventories.	Trade receivables.	Equity.	Sharebased payment.	Pensions and similar obligations.	Provisions for other risks.	Financing liabilities.	Other financial liabilities.	Deferred income.	Contract and refund liabilities.	Other liabilities	 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.	Legal proceedings.	Contingent liabilities and other financial obligations.	Financial instruments.	Management of financial risks.	Segment reporting.	Capital management.	Earnings per share.	Related party disclosures.	Remuneration of the members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board.	Auditor fees.	Events after the reporting period.	Additional information

Score 0.491
Interest income and interest expense In millions of euros Interest income Net interest income on the net assets of defined benefit pension plans Interest and similar income Interest expense Net interest expense on the net obligation from defined benefit pension plans Interest and similar expense 

Score 0.491
 Net assets of the segments Equitymethod investment in DTHAG Other equitymethod investments

Score 0.49
 Including the part of pension obligations that was reclassified to the balance sheet item liabilities held for sale.

Score 0.489
 Government bonds Corporate bonds Securitized bonds Bonds Other exchangetraded instruments Exchangetraded instruments Alternative investments and other nonexchangetraded instruments Real estate Cash and cash equivalents Nonexchangetraded instruments Fair value of plan assets 

Score 0.487
In millions of euros Marketable debt securities Recognized at fair value through profit or loss Recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income Equity instruments and debt instruments Recognized at fair value through profit or loss Recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income Other financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss Derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting Financial liabilities recognized at fair value through profit or loss Derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting 

Score 0.484
Other financial assetsAt December At December Current Noncurrent Total Current Noncurrent Total In millions of euros Equity instruments and debt instruments recognized at fair value through profit or loss recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income Derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting Other financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss Other receivables and miscellaneous other financial assets 

Score 0.483
Cash flow from financing activities includes cash flows from hedging the currency risks of financing liabilities. Cash flow from financing activities includes payments for the reduction of outstanding leasing liabilities of million million. Liabilities arising from financing activities divided into cash and noncash components changed as follows. 

Score 0.482
 Equity instruments recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income Other financial assets recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income Financial assets measured at amortized cost Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost 

Score 0.481
The market sensitive instruments including equity and debt securities that the plan assets hold to finance pension and other postemployment healthcare benefits are not included in the following quantitative and qualitative analysis. See Note for additional information on the MercedesBenz Groups pension and postemployment healthcare benefits. 

Score 0.48
At December Note In millions of euros AssetsIntangible assets Property plant and equipment Equipment on operating leases Equitymethod investments Receivables from financial services Marketable debt securities and similar investments Other financial assets Deferred tax assets Other assets Total noncurrent assets Inventories Trade receivables Receivables from financial services Cash and cash equivalents Marketable debt securities and similar investments Other financial assets Other assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Total assets 

Score 0.48
Miscellaneous other financial incomeexpense mainly includes net income previous year net expenses from the measurement of financial assets and liabilities. 

Score 0.48
Provisions for other risks primarily comprise expected costs for provisions for environmental protection other taxes and charges related to income taxes as well as obligations from outstanding commission. They also include provisions for anticipated losses on pending transactions and various other risks which cannot be allocated to any other class of provision.

Score 0.477
Pension costs In millions of euros Current service cost Past service cost curtailments and settlements Net interest expense Net interest income 

Score 0.477
Derivative financial instruments The Group uses derivative financial instruments exclusively for hedging financial risks that arise from its operational business financing activities or liquidity management. The MercedesBenz Group manages its credit risk exposure in connection with derivative financial instruments through a limit system which is based on the review of each counterpartys financial strength. This system limits and diversifies the credit risk. As a result the MercedesBenz Group is exposed to credit risk only to a small extent with respect to its derivative financial instruments. In accordance with the Groups risk policy most derivatives are contracted with counterparties which have an external rating of A or better. Other receivables and financial assets The MercedesBenz Group is exposed to credit risk only to a small extent with respect to other receivables and financial assets included in other financial assets in and . Irrevocable loan commitments The MercedesBenz Mobility segment in particular is exposed to credit risk from irrevocable loan commitments to end customers and retailers. At December irrevocable loan commitments amounted to million million. These loan commitments had a maturity of less than one year and are not subject to a material credit risk based on the current state of knowledge. Financial guarantees The maximum potential obligations resulting from financial guarantees amounted to million at December million and included liabilities recognized at December in the amount of million million. Financial guarantees represent contractual arrangements. These guarantees generally provide that in the event of default or nonpayment by the primary debtor the Group will be required to settle such financial obligations generally up to a contractually agreed amount. 

Score 0.476
. Other liabilities 

Score 0.476
Provisions for other risksProduct warranties Personnel and social costs Litigation risks and regulatory proceedings Others Total In millions of euros Balance at December thereof current thereof noncurrent Additions UtilizationsReversalsCompounding and effects from changes in discount rates Exchangerate effects and other changesBalance at December thereof current thereof noncurrent 

Score 0.475
Other revenue primarily comprises revenue from the rental and leasing business of million million interest from the financial services business at MercedesBenz Mobility recognized using the effectiveinterest method in an amount of million million and effects from currency hedging. Interest from the financial services business includes financial income on the net investment in leases of million million. 

Score 0.475
Property plant and equipmentLand land rights and buildings including buildings on land owned by others thereof rightofuse assets from leasing Technical equipment and machinery thereof rightofuse assets from leasing Other equipment factory and office equipment thereof rightofuse assets from leasing Advance payments and construction in progress Total thereof rightofuse assets from leasing In millions of euros Acquisitionmanufacturing costsBalance at January Additions Reclassifications Disposals Other changes Balance at December Additions Reclassifications DisposalsOther changesBalance at December DepreciationimpairmentBalance at January Additions Reclassifications Disposals Other changes Balance at December Additions DisposalsOther changesBalance at December Carrying amount at December Carrying amount at December 

Score 0.475
Other financial liabilitiesAt December At December Current Noncurrent Total Current Noncurrent Total In millions of euros Derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting Financial liabilities recognized at fair value through profit or loss Liabilities from residual value guarantees Liabilities from wages and salaries Accrued interest expenses Deposits received Other Miscellaneous other financial liabilities 

Score 0.475
Market prices are usually available for equity instruments and bonds due to their listing in active markets. Most of the bonds have investment grade ratings. They include government bonds of very good creditworthiness. The investment strategy is reviewed regularly and adjusted if deemed necessary. The investment strategy is determined by InvestmentCommittees which are generally composed of representatives of the Finance and Human Resources departments. The investment strategy for the pension plan assets is generally oriented towards the structure of the pension obligations. 

Score 0.473
The structured entities of the Group are mainly assetbackedsecurities ABS companies and special funds. The ABS companies are primarily used for the Groups refinancing. The receivables transferred to structured entities usually result from the leasing and salesfinancing business. Those entities refinance the purchase price by issuing securities. The special funds are set up in particular in order to diversify the capitalinvestment strategy. At the reporting date the Group has business relationships with controlled structured entities of which all are fully consolidated. In addition as in the previous year the Group has relationships with one noncontrolled structured entity. 

Score 0.473
Contracts for the purchase or sale of nonfinancial items are regularly qualified as executory contracts and thus treated as suspended transactions although they fulfil the definition of a derivative. If such contracts do not meet the criteria for executory contracts they are recorded as derivatives. These derivatives are measured at fair value through profit or loss. The valuation effects are reported in the functional costs in which the consumption of the procured nonfinancial items e.g. energy is reported. Embedded derivatives are principally separated from the host contract and recognized separately. However embedded derivatives are not separated from the host contract if that host contract is a financial asset if the MercedesBenz Group chooses to measure a hybrid contract at fair value through profit or loss or if the embedded derivative is closely related to the host contract. Derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value upon initial recognition and at each subsequent reporting date. The fair value of listed derivatives is equal to their positive or negative market value. If a market value is not available fair value is calculated using standard financial valuation models such as discounted cash flow or optionpricing models. Derivatives are recognized as assets if their fair value is positive and as liabilities if their fair value is negative. If the requirements for hedge accounting set out in IFRS are met the MercedesBenz Group designates and documents the hedge relationship from the date a derivative contract is entered into as a fairvalue hedge a cash flow hedge or a hedge of a net investment in a foreign business operation. In a fairvalue hedge the changes in the fair value of a recognized asset or liability or an unrecognized firm commitment are hedged. In a cash flow hedge highly probable future cash flows from expected transactions or variable cash flows to be paid or received related to a recognized asset or liability are hedged. The documentation of the hedging relationship includes the objectives and strategy of risk management the type of hedging relationship the nature of the risk being hedged the identification of the eligible hedging instrument and the eligible hedged item as well as an assessment of the effectiveness requirements comprising the risk mitigating economic relationship the absence of deteriorating effects from credit risk and the appropriate hedge ratio. The effectiveness of the hedge is assessed at the start of and during the hedging relationship. Changes in fair value of nondesignated derivatives are recognized in profit or loss. For fairvalue hedges changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments and the hedged item are recognized in profit or loss. For cash flow hedges fairvalue changes in the effective portion of derivative financial instruments are recognized after tax in other comprehensive income. Effects from hedging are presented in the item of the Statement of Income in which the underlying transaction is effective. Under IFRS for cash flow hedges in procurement transactions expected with a high degree of probability designation can be made for separable risk components of these nonfinancial hedged items. Under IFRS with cash flow hedges amounts recognized in other comprehensive income as effective hedging gains or losses from hedging instruments are removed from the reserves for derivative financial instruments and directly included in the initial cost or carrying amount of the hedged item at initial recognition if the hedged item e.g. the forecast transaction results in the recognition of a nonfinancial asset or nonfinancial liability. For other cash flow hedges the accumulated hedging gains or losses from hedging instruments are reclassified from the reserves for derivative financial instruments to the Consolidated Statement of Income when the hedged item affects profit or loss. Insofar as currency translation effects recognized in profit or loss due to trade receivables and payables are connected with the underlying hedged transactions simultaneously occurring hedging gainslosses are reclassified in the Consolidated Statement of Income. The ineffective portions of fairvalue changes are recognized directly in profit or loss. For derivative instruments designated in a hedge relationship certain components can be excluded from designation and the changes in these components fair 

Score 0.473
market interest rates appropriate to the remaining terms of the financial instruments. derivative commodity hedging contracts the fair values of commodity hedging contracts e.g. commodity forwards are determined on the basis of current reference prices with consideration of forward premiums and discounts and default risks. Other financial receivables and other financial assets are carried at amortized cost. Because of the predominantly short maturities and the fundamentally lower credit risk of these financial instruments it is assumed that the fair values approximate the carrying amounts. Financing liabilities Financing liabilities are measured at amortized cost. The fair values of bonds loans commercial paper deposits in the direct banking business and liabilities from ABS transactions are calculated as present values of the estimated future cash flows taking account of credit premiums and credit risks. Market interest rates for the appropriate terms are used for discounting. Trade payables Due to the short maturities of these financial instruments it is assumed that their fair values are equal to the carrying amounts. Reverse factoring agreements did not change the relevant characteristics of a trade payable for the Group for the liabilities concerned. As a result there were no reclassifications of these trade payables to financing liabilities. Contract and refund liabilities Contract and refund liabilities include obligations from sales transactions that qualify as financial instruments. Obligations from sales transactions should generally be regarded as current. Due to the short maturities of these financial instruments it is assumed that their fair values are equal to the carrying amounts. Other financial liabilities Financial liabilities recognized at fair value through profit or loss comprise derivative financial instruments not used in hedge accounting. For information regarding these financial instruments as well as derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting see the notes above under Marketable debt securities and similar investments other financial assets. Miscellaneous other financial liabilities are carried at amortized cost. Because of the predominantly short maturities of these financial instruments it is assumed that the fair values approximate the carrying amounts. See Note for further qualitative descriptions of accounting for and presentation of financial instruments including derivative financial instruments. 

Score 0.473
. Financing liabilities 

Score 0.471
Provisions for other risks Provisions are recognized when a obligation to third parties has been incurred an outflow of resources is probable and the amount of the obligation can be reasonably estimated. The amount recognized as a provision represents the best estimate of the obligation at the reporting date. Provisions with an original maturity of more than one year are discounted to the present value of the expenditures expected to settle the obligation at the end of the reporting period. If the recognition criteria of provisions are not fulfilled and the possibility of a cash outflow upon settlement is not unlikely the item is to be presented as a contingent liability insofar as it is adequately measurable. The amount disclosed as a contingent liability represents the best estimate of the possible obligation at the reporting date. Provisions and contingent liabilities are regularly reviewed and adjusted as further information becomes available or circumstances change. A provision for expected warranty costs is recognized when a product is sold or when a new warranty programme is initiated. Estimates for accrued warranty costs are particularly based on historical experience. Other assumptions include but are not limited to the amount of potential repair costs. The provisions are regularly adjusted to reflect new information.Restructuring provisions are set up in connection with programmes that materially change the scope of business performed by a segment or business unit or the manner in which business is conducted. In most cases restructuring expenses include termination benefits and compensation payments due to the termination of agreements with suppliers and dealers. Benefits on termination of employment are recognized when the Group has a detailed formal plan that has either commenced implementation or been announced. Contract and refund liabilities Contract liabilities A contract liability is an entitys obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the entity has received consideration or the amount is due from the customer. Refund liabilities A refund liability occurs if the MercedesBenz Group receives consideration from a customer and expects to refund some or all of that consideration to the customer. A refund liability is measured at the amount of consideration received for which the MercedesBenz Group does not expect to be entitled and is thus not included in the transaction price.Sharebased payment Sharebased payment comprises cashsettled liability awards. Liability awards are measured at fair value at each balance sheet date until settlement and are classified as provisions under consideration of vesting conditions. The profit or loss of the period equals the addition to andor the reversal of the provision during the reporting period and the dividend equivalent paid during the period and is included in functional costs. 

Score 0.47
The following table provides an overview of the classification into measurement hierarchies of financial assets and liabilities recognized at fair value according to IFRS . At the end of the reporting period the Group reviews whether reclassifications between the measurement hierarchies are necessary compared to December of the previous year. For the determination of the credit risk from derivative financial instruments which are allocated to the Level measurement hierarchy portfolios managed on the basis of net exposure are applied. 

Score 0.47
After initial measurement financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are recognized at fair value with unrealized gains or losses being recognized in other comprehensive incomeloss. Upon the disposal of debt instruments the accumulated gains and losses recognized in other comprehensive incomeloss resulting from measurement at fair value are recognized in profit or loss. Interest earned on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income is generally reported as interest income using the effectiveinterest method. Changes in the fair value of equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are not recycled to profit or loss but reclassified to retained earnings upon disposal. Dividends are recognized in profit or loss when the right to payment has been established. Financial assets at amortized cost Financial assets at amortized cost are nonderivative financial assets with contractual cash flows that consist solely of payments of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding and which are held with the aim of collecting the contractual cash flows such as receivables from financial services trade receivables or cash and cash equivalents business model hold to collect. After initial recognition these financial assets at amortized cost are subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effectiveinterest method less any loss allowances. Gains and losses are recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income when the financial assets at amortized cost are impaired or derecognized. Interest effects from the application of the effectiveinterest method are also recognized in profit or loss as well as effects from foreign currency translation. Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash on hand cheques and demand deposits at banks as well as debt instruments and certificates of deposits with a remaining term when acquired of up to three months which are not subject to any material value fluctuations. Cash and cash equivalents correspond with the classification in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. Impairment of financial assets At each reporting date an impairment is recognized for financial assets loan commitments and financial guarantees other than those to be measured at fair value through profit or loss reflecting expected credit losses for these instruments. Impairments are allocated using a three stage approach to expected credit losses Stage expected credit losses within the next twelve months Stage includes all contracts with no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition and usually includes new acquisitions and contracts with fewer than days past due date. The portion of the lifetime expected credit losses resulting from default events possible within the next months is recognized. Stage expected credit losses over the lifetime not credit impaired If a financial asset has a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition but is not yet credit impaired it is moved to stage and measured at lifetime expected credit loss which is defined as the expected credit loss that results from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial asset.

Score 0.469
st line Operational unitsnd line Governance functionsrd line Independent audit 

Score 0.469
Financial position 

Score 0.468
 The amounts were calculated as follows a If the counterparty can request payment at different dates the liability is included on the basis of the earliest date on which the MercedesBenz Group can be required to pay. The customer deposits of MercedesBenz Bank are mostly considered in this analysis to mature within the first year. b The cash flows of floatinginterest financial instruments are estimated on the basis of forward rates. The stated cash flows of financing liabilities consist of their undiscounted principal and interest payments. The undiscounted sum of the cash flows of the derivative financial liabilities is shown for the respective year. The cash outflows of trade payables are undiscounted. The maximum available amounts are stated. The maximum potential obligations under the issued financial guarantees are stated. It is assumed that the amounts are due within the first year. 

Score 0.464
At December In millions of euros Financial assets measured at amortized cost Receivables from financial services

Score 0.463
	 The investments in property plant and equipment correspond to additions to property plant and equipment in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Score 0.461
 thereof with gross settlement Cash outflows Cash inflows thereof with net settlement Cash outflows Trade payables

Score 0.461
Annual Report MercedesBenz GroupEquipment on operating leases and receivables from financial services rose to a total of . billion . billion due to the increase in sales financing mainly in North America. The increase adjusted for currency translation effects was . billion. At the leasing and salesfinancing business as a proportion of total assets was at prior year level. Equitymethod investments decreased to . billion . billion. Investments accounted for using the equity method comprise in particular the carrying amounts of our investments in Daimler Truck Holding AG and Beijing Benz Automotive Co. Ltd. Inventories increased from . billion to . billion. As a result the share of total assets remains at the prior year level of . The increase relates in particular to finished goods spare parts and products held for resale at . billion as a result of the introduction of the direct sales model in additional markets and model yearrelated production rampups. Furthermore the finished goods include highervalue vehicles on average.At . billion trade receivables were lower than the prioryearfigure of . billion. Compared to December cash and cash equivalents decreased by . billion to . billion. Marketable debt securities and similar investmentsdecreased compared with December from . billion to . billion as part of the liquidity management. Those assets include the debt instruments that are allocated to liquidity most of which are traded in active markets. They generally have an external rating of A or better.Other financial assets of . billion were at the prioryear level. They consist primarily of derivative financial instruments equity and debt instruments shares in nonconsolidated subsidiaries and loans and other receivables from third parties.The other assets of . billion . billion particularly include deferred taxes and tax refund claims. In connection with the planned disposal of sales companies in other European countries the Group is showing assets held for sale of . billion and liabilities held for sale of . billion as of December .Equity and liabilitiesCompared to December the Groups equityincreased from . billion to . billion mainly as a result of the positive earnings development. Additionally gains of . billion are recognized directly in equity from the measurement of derivative financial instruments after tax. An opposing effect arose from the dividend of . billion paid to the shareholders of MercedesBenz Group AG and the aquisition of treasury shares of . billion as part of the share buyback programme. Equity attributable to the shareholders of MercedesBenz Group AG increased accordingly to . billion . billion. Whereas the balance sheet total remained at the prioryear level equity increased by compared with the previous year. The Groups equity ratio of . was accordingly above the level at the end of . the equity ratio for the industrial business was . .. It is necessary to take into account the fact that the equity ratios at the end of and have been adjusted for the paid and proposed dividend payments respectively. 

Score 0.46
 Including the part of the gross carrying amount that was reclassified to the Assets held for sale item of the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. 

Score 0.46
Financial assets recognized at fair valueFinancial liabilities recognized at fair value

Score 0.459
value are then deferred in other comprehensive income under IFRS . This may apply for example to the time value of options the forward element of a forward contract or crosscurrency basis spreads. Hedge relationships are to be discontinued prospectively if a particular hedge relationship ceases to meet the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting under IFRS . Instances that require discontinuation of hedge accounting are among others changes to the designated hedged item loss of the economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument disposal or termination of the hedging instrument or a revision of the documented riskmanagement objective of a particular hedge relationship. Accumulated hedging gains and losses from cash flow hedges are retained and are reclassified from equity as described at maturity if the hedged future cash flows are still expected to occur. Otherwise accumulated hedging gains and losses are immediately reclassified to profit or loss. If derivative financial instruments do not or no longer qualify for hedge accounting because the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are not or are no longer met the derivative financial instruments are classified as held for trading and are measured at fair value through profit or loss. Pensions and similar obligationsThe measurement of defined benefit commitments for pensions and other similar postemployment benefits healthcare benefits in accordance with IAS Employee Benefits is based on the projected unitcredit method. Plan assets invested to cover defined benefit pension commitments and other postemployment benefit obligations are measured at fair value and offset against the corresponding obligations. The balance of defined benefit commitments for pensions and other postemployment benefit obligations and plan assets net pension obligation or net pension assets accrues interest at the discount rate used as a basis for the measurement of the gross pension obligation. The resulting net interest expense or income is recognized in profit and loss under interest expense or interest income in the Consolidated Statement of Income. The other expenses resulting from pension commitments and other postemployment benefit obligations which mainly result from entitlements acquired during the year under review are taken into consideration in functional costs in the Consolidated Statement of Income. Differences between the assumptions made and actual developments as well as changes in actuarial assumptions for the measurement of defined benefit plans and similar obligations result in actuarial gains and losses which are recognized in equity through other comprehensive income. The discount factors used to calculate the present values of defined benefit pension obligations are to be determined with maturities and currencies matching the pension payments by reference to market yields at the end of the reporting period on highquality fixedrate corporate bonds in the respective markets. For very long maturities there are no highquality corporate bonds available as a benchmark. The respective discount factors are estimated by extrapolating current market rates along the yield curve. Gains or losses on the curtailment or settlement of a defined benefit plan are recognized in profit or loss when the curtailment or settlement occurs. 

Score 0.459
Refinancing instrumentsAverage interest ratesCarrying amounts Dec. Dec. Dec. Dec. in In millions of eurosNotesbonds and liabilities from ABS transactions..Liabilities to financial institutions..Deposits in the direct banking business..

Score 0.459
Use of derivatives The MercedesBenz Group uses derivative financial instruments exclusively for hedging financial risks that arise from its operating or refinancing activities or from its liquidity management. These are mainly currency risks interest rate risks and commodity price risks which have been defined as risk categories. For these hedging purposes the Group mainly uses currency forward transactions crosscurrency interest rate swaps interest rate swaps options and commodity forwards. The following table shows the amounts for the transactions designated as hedging instruments. Most of the transactions for which the effects from the measurement of the hedging instrument and the underlying transaction to a large extent offset each other in the Consolidated Statement of Income were mostly not included in the hedge accounting.Even if derivative financial instruments do not or no longer qualify for hedge accounting these instruments still serve to hedge financial risks from business operations. A hedging instrument is terminated when the hedged transaction no longer exists or is no longer expected to occur. Explanations of the hedging of exchangerate risks interest rate risks and commodity price risks can be found in Note in the subitem Finance market risk. 

Score 0.459
As a result of its businesses and the global nature of its operations the MercedesBenz Group is exposed to market risks from changes in foreign currency exchangerates and interest rates while price risks arise from the procurement of raw materials and energy for example. An equity price risk results from investments in listed companies. In addition the Group is exposed to credit risks from its leasing and mainly financing activities and from its business operations trade receivables. Furthermore the Group is exposed to country and liquidity risks relating to its credit and market risks or a deterioration of its business operations or financial market disturbances. If these financial risks materialize they could adversely affect the Groups profitability liquidity and capital resources and financial position. The MercedesBenz Group has established internal policies for risk controlling procedures and for the use of financial instruments including a clear segregation of duties with regard to financial activities settlement accounting and the related controlling. The guidelines upon which the Groups risk management processes for financial risks are based are designed to identify and analyse these risks throughout the Group to set appropriate risk limits and controls and to monitor the risks by means of reliable and uptodate administrative and information systems. The guidelines and systems are regularly reviewed and adjusted to changes in markets and products. The Group manages and monitors these risks primarily through its operating and financing activities and if required through the use of derivative financial instruments. The MercedesBenz Group uses derivative financial instruments exclusively for hedging financial risks that arise from its business operations or refinancing activities or liquidity management. Without these derivative financial instruments the Group would be exposed to higher financial risks. Additional information on financial instruments and especially on the volumes of the derivative financial instruments used is included in Note . The MercedesBenz Group regularly evaluates its financial risks with due consideration of changes in key economic indicators and uptodate market information. 

Score 0.459
The composition of financing liabilities is as follows. 

Score 0.456
Contents	To Our ShareholdersCombined Management Report	Corporate Governance	Consolidated Financial StatementsFurther Information Report of the Supervisory Board 

Score 0.456
In millions of euros Fair values of financial assets measured at cost Receivables from financial services Fair values of financial liabilities measured at cost Financing liabilities thereof bonds thereof liabilities from ABS transactions thereof other financing liabilities 

Score 0.455
Profit before income taxesDepreciation and amortizationimpairmentsOther noncash expense and income and gainslosses from disposals of assetsChange in operating assets and liabilities	 Inventories	 Trade receivables and trade payables	 Receivables from financial services	 Vehicles on operating leases	 Other operating assets and liabilitiesDividends received from equitymethod investments

Score 0.455
Cash flows included in Cash flow from operating activities In millions of euros Interest paid Interest received Dividends received from equitymethod investments Dividends received from other shareholdings 

Score 0.454
Other cash flows

Score 0.454
Minimum safeguardsProportion of Taxonomyaligned A. or Taxonomyeligible A. operating expenditureCategory enabling activityCategory transitional activity in millions of eurosin Y N NEL

Score 0.454
Pension plans and pension plan assets 

Score 0.453
Other operating income In millions of euros Income from costs recharged Government grants Gains on sales of property plant and equipment Rental income not relating to sales financing Income from company transactions Other miscellaneous income 

Score 0.453
Loss allowances The loss allowances for receivables from financial services due to expected credit losses are shown in the table Development of loss allowances for receivables from financial services due to expected credit losses. The carrying amounts of receivables from financial services based on modified contracts that are shown in stages and amounted to million at December million. In addition carrying amounts of million in connection with contractual modifications were reclassified at December from stages and into stage million. Credit risks Information on credit risks included in receivables from financial services is shown in the table Credit risks included in receivables from financial services. Longer overdue periods regularly lead to higher loss allowances. At the beginning of the contracts collaterals of usually at least of the carrying amounts were agreed which are backed by the vehicles based on the underlying contracts. Over the contract terms the amounts of the collaterals are included in the calculation of the risk provisioning so the net carrying amounts of the creditimpaired contracts are essentially backed by the underlying vehicles. Further information on loss allowances financial risks and types of risks is provided in Note . 

Score 0.453
. Other financial incomeexpense 

Score 0.452
. Pensions and similar obligations 

Score 0.452
 Including the part of allowances that was reclassified to the Assets held for sale item of the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. 

Score 0.452
Contents	To Our Shareholders	Combined Management Report	Corporate Governance	Consolidated Financial StatementsFurther Information Responsibility Statement of the Legal Representatives

Score 0.452
Income taxes paidCash flow from operating activitiesAdditions to property plant and equipment and intangible assetsInvestments in and disposals of shareholdings and other business operationsAcquisitions and sales of marketable debt securities and similar investmentsOther cash flowsCash flow from investing activitiesChange in financing liabilitiesDividends paidAcquisition of treasury shares

Score 0.451
Total interest income and total interest expense In millions of euros Total interest income thereof from financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized costs thereof from financial assets recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income Total interest expense thereof from financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized costs thereof from financial assets recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income 

Score 0.45
Contents	To Our Shareholders	Combined Management ReportCorporate Governance	Consolidated Financial StatementsFurther Information Risk and Opportunity Report 

Score 0.449
Most employees in Germany have defined benefit pension commitments most of the pension commitments for the active workforce are based on individual retirement benefit accounts to which the Company makes annual contributions. The amount of the contributions for nonexempt employees depends on the tariff classification in the respective year or on their respective income for executives it depends on their respective income. For the commitments to retirement benefits made prior to the contributions continue to be converted into capital components and credited to the individual pension accounts with the application of fixed factors related to each employees age. The conversion factors include a fixed value increase. For the commitments to retirement benefits made as of the Company guarantees at a minimum the value of the contributions paid into a cashbalance plan. Pension payments are made either as a life annuity twelve annual instalments or a single lump sum. In addition previously concluded defined benefit plans exist which primarily depend on employees wagetariff classification upon transition into the benefit phase and which foresee a life annuity. As well as the employerfinanced pension plans granted by German companies the employees of some companies are also offered various earningsconversion models. Most of the pension obligations in Germany relating to defined benefit pension commitments are funded by investment funds. Contractual trust arrangements CTA exist between MercedesBenz Group AG as well as some subsidiaries in Germany and the MercedesBenz Pension Trust e. V. The MercedesBenz Pension Trust e. V. acts as a collateral trust fund. In MercedesBenz Group AG transferred certain pension obligations and plan assets of retired employees and their survivors to MercedesBenz Pensionsfonds AG previously Daimler Pensionsfonds AG pension fund. These benefits are administrated by that noninsurancelike pension fund which falls under the scope of the Act on the Supervision of Insurance Undertakings and is therefore subject to the oversight of the Federal Financial Supervisory Agency BaFin. 

Score 0.449
Inhalt	An unsere Aktionärinnen und Aktionäre	Zusammengefasster Lagebericht mit Nichtfinanzieller Erklärung	Corporate Governance	KonzernabschlussWeitere Informationen Notes to the Consolidated Financial StatementsContents	To Our Shareholders	Combined Management Report	Corporate Governance	Consolidated Financial StatementsFurther Information Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Score 0.448
. Other operating income and expense 

Score 0.448
Segment liabilities principally comprise all liabilities. The MercedesBenz Cars and MercedesBenz Vans reporting segments liabilities exclude income tax liabilities liabilities from pensions and similar obligations and certain financial instruments including financing liabilities. The residualvalue risks associated with the Groups operating leases and receivables from financial services are generally borne by the segments which manufactured the leased vehicles. Risk sharing is based on agreements between MercedesBenz Cars MercedesBenz Vans and MercedesBenz Mobility the terms vary by segment and geographic region. Noncurrent assets consist of intangible assets property plant and equipment and equipment on operating leases. Capital expenditures for intangible assets and property plant and equipment reflect the casheffective additions to these intangible assets and property plant and equipment insofar as they do not relate to capitalized borrowing costs or goodwill. Depreciation and amortization may also include impairments insofar as they do not relate to goodwill impairment according to IAS . Amortization of capitalized borrowing costs is not included in the amortization of intangible assets or depreciation of property plant and equipment.

Score 0.448
. Material accounting policies General information 

Score 0.447
Please refer with regard to the accounting policies applied to the notes to the consolidated financial statements in Note  Accounting estimates and management judgements. Further information on allowances on receivables from financial services can be found in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in Note Significant Accounting Policies in Note Receivables from financial services in Note Management of financial risks and in the combined management report in the section entitled Financial risks and opportunities.The risk for the consolidated financial statementsReceivables from financial services   million resulting from the Groups financing and leasing activities include receivables from sales financing with customers receivables from sales financing with dealers and receivables from finance lease contracts. The loss allowances on these receivables amounted at the reporting date to   million.The calculation of the loss allowances is based on expected credit losses and therefore also includes expectations regarding the future. Recognition of the expected credit losses is carried out by means of a threeparameter procedure for the determination of loss allowances. At the same time various factors determining the value such as the determination of statistical default probabilities and loss rates the possible amount receivable on default the parameter transfer criteria that are related to a significant change in the default risk of borrowers and the calculation of future cash flows. Furthermore macroeconomic scenarios basis scenarios optimistic and pessimistic scenarios flow into the calculation the identification of which to a high degree includes discretionary judgements and uncertainties. The risk for the financial statements is that the creditworthiness of customers and future cash flows is misjudged or that the calculation of the risk provision parameters is incorrect so that loss allowances are not recognised or are insufficient.Our audit approachWe obtained a comprehensive understanding of the development of the portfolios the associated counterparty default risks and the processes for identifying managing monitoring and measuring credit risks by inspecting analyses and risk reports interrogations review of guidelines and working instructions checking the defined methods and their implementation and checking and walking through the validation process and the individual validation reports.We audited the appropriateness and effectiveness of the internal control system in relation to the risk models as well as the determination of the valuedetermining factors and the valuation allowances also in part through recalculation. We also assessed the relevant IT systems and internal processes. In addition to the correctness of the relevant IT systems and associated interfaces to ensure the completeness and accuracy of the data using our IT special lists the audit also 

Score 0.447
Provisions for personnel and social costs primarily comprise expected expenses of the Group for employee anniversary bonuses profitsharing bonuses for nonexempt employees and variable remuneration for management as well as earlyretirement and partialretirement plans. The additions recorded to the provisions for profitsharing bonuses and variable remuneration in the reporting year usually result in cash outflows in the following year. The cash outflows for noncurrent provisions for personnel and social costs are primarily expected within a period until . 