Scores_g_WHOLESALE AND RETAIL TRADE; REPAIR OF MOTOR VEHICLES AND MOTORCYCLESScore 0.556
Transactions with related partiesIncome from sales of goods and services and other income Expense from purchases of goods and services and other expense Receivables and rightofuseassets Liabilities and provisions

Score 0.543
Revenue in was slightly above the previous years level. The increase in revenue was primarily due to higher unit sales and improved pricing at the MercedesBenz Vans segment. Revenue in the MercedesBenz Cars segment was also higher primarily due to a further improvement in pricing. However negative exchangerate effects had an opposing effect causing a reduction in revenue. Revenue disclosed in the Consolidated Statement of Income includes revenue from contracts with customers which are in the scope of IFRS revenue according to IFRS and other revenue not in the scope of IFRS . The composition of the revenue in the Consolidated Statement of Income is shown by region in Note . Revenue according to IFRS is disaggregated by the two categories type of products and services and geographical regions. The category type of products and services corresponds to the reported segments. Revenue according to IFRS includes revenue that was included in contract liabilities at December in an amount of million million and revenue from performance obligations fully or partially satisfied in previous periods in an amount of million million. Revenue related to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied by the end of the reporting period that is expected to be recognized within three years amounted to million at December million. This revenue is mainly derived from longterm service and maintenance contracts and extended warranties. It does not include performance obligations from customer contracts that have initial expected durations of one year or less. The number of vehicles for which the expected original delivery time will exceed twelve months was immaterial and is therefore not part of the disclosed amount. Longterm performance obligations of minor importance to the overall contract value of a bundled contract are not considered in assessing the initial duration of the bundled contract. 

Score 0.513
Segment informationMercedesBenz CarsMercedesBenz VansMercedesBenz MobilityTotal SegmentsReconciliationMercedesBenz GroupIn millions of euros External revenue Intersegment revenue Total revenue Segment profitloss EBIT thereof gainslosses on equitymethod investments thereof profitloss from compounding and effects from changes in discount rates of provisions for other risksSegment assets thereof carrying amounts of equitymethod investments Segment liabilities Additions to noncurrent assets thereof investments in intangible assets thereof investments in property plant and equipment Depreciation and amortization of noncurrent assets thereof amortization of intangible assets thereof depreciation of property plant and equipment 

Score 0.51
Property plant and equipmentLand land rights and buildings including buildings on land owned by others thereof rightofuse assets from leasing Technical equipment and machinery thereof rightofuse assets from leasing Other equipment factory and office equipment thereof rightofuse assets from leasing Advance payments and construction in progress Total thereof rightofuse assets from leasing In millions of euros Acquisitionmanufacturing costsBalance at January Additions Reclassifications Disposals Other changes Balance at December Additions Reclassifications DisposalsOther changesBalance at December DepreciationimpairmentBalance at January Additions Reclassifications Disposals Other changes Balance at December Additions DisposalsOther changesBalance at December Carrying amount at December Carrying amount at December 

Score 0.507
Annual Report MercedesBenz GroupWith regard to the confirmed violations the MercedesBenz Group decides on appropriate response measures in line with the principles of proportionality and fairness. The personnel measures in included admonishments warnings and terminations without notice.Sales partners and suppliersThe MercedesBenz Group expects not only its employees to comply with laws and regulations. The Group also places clear compliance requirements on its sales partners and suppliers because it regards integrity and conformity with regulations as a precondition for trustbased cooperation. The MercedesBenz Group formulates in detail what it expects from its business partners in the Business Partner Standards BPS and specifically for its suppliers in the Responsible Sourcing Standards RSS both documents are publicly available on the Group website. In the selection of direct sales partners and in existing sales partnerships the MercedesBenz Group ensures that its business partners comply with laws and observe ethical principles. For this purpose we use a globally standardized riskbased Sales Business Partner Due Diligence Process. All new sales partners are subjected to a due diligence process. A partnership is only possible if this process is successfully completed. The riskbased review takes into account among other things the planned business model the country risk and the involvement of third parties and government contacts. The concrete risks are determined using additional specific questionnaires. During the ongoing cooperation with the sales partners the existing due diligence processes are reviewed on an ad hoc or cyclical basis depending on the risks identified. Another component of the due diligence process is permanent monitoring in which the Group continuously checks existing sales partners in relevant databases and valid sanctions lists in order to identify potential breaches of integrity. If a partner fails to comply with the Group standards or if there are breaches of integrity that cannot be resolved the MercedesBenz Group reserves the right to terminate the selection process or the cooperation. In conjunction with the procurement departments the Group is constantly enhancing the existing processes for the selection of and cooperation with its suppliers.On the basis of the BPS and RSS standards and the Integrity Code the MercedesBenz Group makes webbased Compliance Awareness Modules CAMs available to both for sales business partners and suppliers.These modules are intended to sensitize them to relevant integrity and compliance requirements such as those related to anticorruption measures and technical Compliance. Through these measures the MercedesBenz Group also offers its sales business partners and suppliers extensive assistance for dealing with possible relevant compliance risks.Communication and trainingThe MercedesBenz Group offers an extensive range of compliance training courses that are based on its Integrity Code  for example courses for employees in administrative areas and for members of the Supervisory Board and the executive management of Group companies.The contents and topics of the training courses are tailored to the roles and functions of the respective target group. The MercedesBenz Group regularly analyses the need for its training programme expands or adapts it as necessary and conducts evaluations.

Score 0.496
Income from costs recharged to third parties includes IT and logistics costs as well as other costs recharged to third parties with related expenses primarily within functional costs. The decrease in other operating income in was mainly due to the income from the sale of the retail activities in Canada million reported in the comparative period. It is included in gains on sales of property plant and equipment. In addition income from corporate transactions in connection with the sale of the shares in MercedesBenz Grand Prix Ltd. was included in million. The composition of other operating expense is shown as follows. 

Score 0.492
In a further step Taxonomyalignment must be assessed for Taxonomyeligible economic activities. Only Taxonomyeligible activities can be considered as environmentally sustainable activities or as being Taxonomyaligned provided they meet certain technical screening criteria. Here the fulfilment of certain technical screening criteria with regard to the relevant economic activities must make a substantial contribution to an environmental objective defined by the Taxonomy Regulation and on the basis of defined do no significant harm criteria DNSH criteria also exclude the possibility of significant interference with another environmental objective. It must also be ensured that minimum standards are met with regard to issues such as upholding human rights or combating corruption minimum safeguards.Fulfilment of a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigationAccording to the delegated act all vehicles below the current limit value of g CO

Score 0.489
 Obligations from sales transactions Financial liabilities recognized at fair value through profit or loss

Score 0.487
Types of receivables Receivables from sales financing with customers include receivables from credit financing for nonGroup third parties who purchased their vehicle either from a dealer or directly from the MercedesBenz Group. Receivables from sales financing with dealers represent loans for floor financing programmes for vehicles purchased from the MercedesBenz Group. In addition these receivables also relate to the financing of other assets that the dealers purchased from third parties in particular used vehicles or property. Receivables from finance lease contracts consist of receivables from leasing contracts for which all substantial risks and rewards incidental to the leasing objects are transferred to the lessee. In the MercedesBenz Group recognized a gain of million million from the difference between the additions to receivables from finance lease contracts and the carrying amounts of the underlying assets. At December receivables from financial services with a carrying amount of million million were pledged mostly as collateral for liabilities from ABS transactions see also Note . 

Score 0.487
 operation of zeroemissions road transport.The economic activities in specific energy sectors contained in the supplement to the delegated act relating to the climate goals are only present to an immaterial extent at the MercedesBenz Group and are performed exclusively in support of carrying out economic activity ..The economic activities contained in the delegated acts relating to climate change adaptation are only present to an immaterial extent at the MercedesBenz Group and are reported exclusively under the environmental objective climate change mitigation. The Taxonomyeligible economic activity . that encompasses the sale of secondhand goods which are purchased by the MercedesBenz Group from third parties was identified on the basis of the descriptions in the delegated act relating to the transition to a circular economy. For the reporting year simplified reporting obligations apply for economic activities newly introduced by the delegated acts. These stipulate that only reporting in relation to Taxonomyeligibility is required. The MercedesBenz Group reports economic activity . as Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable. An assessment of Taxonomyalignment has not been carried out.The individual economic activities are additionally to be classified according to enabling activities and transitional activities. An enabling activity is an economic activity that makes a substantial contribution to one or more environmental objectives by directly enabling further activities to also make a substantial contribution. At the MercedesBenz Group this mostly applies to the economic activities . and .. A transitional activity in contrast is an economic activity for which there is no technological and economically feasible lowcarbon alternative but which makes a substantial contribution to climate change mitigation by supporting the transition to a climateneutral economy.

Score 0.486
Loss allowances The loss allowances for receivables from financial services due to expected credit losses are shown in the table Development of loss allowances for receivables from financial services due to expected credit losses. The carrying amounts of receivables from financial services based on modified contracts that are shown in stages and amounted to million at December million. In addition carrying amounts of million in connection with contractual modifications were reclassified at December from stages and into stage million. Credit risks Information on credit risks included in receivables from financial services is shown in the table Credit risks included in receivables from financial services. Longer overdue periods regularly lead to higher loss allowances. At the beginning of the contracts collaterals of usually at least of the carrying amounts were agreed which are backed by the vehicles based on the underlying contracts. Over the contract terms the amounts of the collaterals are included in the calculation of the risk provisioning so the net carrying amounts of the creditimpaired contracts are essentially backed by the underlying vehicles. Further information on loss allowances financial risks and types of risks is provided in Note . 

Score 0.481
Revenue recognition Revenue from sales of vehicles spare parts and other related products is recognized when control of the goods is transferred to the customer. This generally occurs at the time the customer takes possession of the products. If a dealer is not classified as a principal but as an agent and therefore control of vehicles is not transferred to him sales revenue is only recorded when the end customer obtains control. The brokerage commissions payable to the dealer are shown in selling expenses. Revenue recognition from the sale of vehicles for which the Group enters into a repurchase obligation is dependent on the form of the repurchase agreement.Sales of vehicles by which the MercedesBenz Group is obliged to repurchase the vehicles in the future are accounted for as operating leases. This also applies to a call option that grants the MercedesBenz Group the right to repurchase.Sales of vehicles including a put option an entitys obligation to repurchase the asset at the customers request are reported as operating leases if the customer has a significant economic incentive to exercise that right at contract inception. Otherwise a sale with a right of return is reported. The MercedesBenz Group considers several factors when assessing whether the customer has a significant economic incentive to exercise his or her right. Among others these are the relation between the agreed repurchase price and the expected future market value at the time of repurchase of the asset or historical return rates. Arrangements such as when the MercedesBenz Group provides customers with a guaranteed minimum resale value that they receive on resale residualvalue guarantee do not constrain the customers in their ability to direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the benefits from the asset. At contract inception of a sale with a residualvalue guarantee revenue therefore has to be recognized reduced by a potential compensation payment to the customer revenue deferral. Under a contract manufacturing agreement the MercedesBenz Group sells assets to a thirdparty manufacturer from which the MercedesBenz Group buys back the manufactured products after completion of the commissioned work. If the provision of material is not associated with the transfer of control to the service provider no revenue is recognized. For certain products sold by the Group it offers extended separately priced warranties that go beyond the statutory period as well as service and maintenance contracts. Usual for such contracts is an advance payment or the payment of constant instalments over the term of the contract. If the customer has made an advance payment the revenue from these contracts is deferred as a contract liability and recognized as revenue over the term of the contract in proportion to the costs expected to be incurred based on historical information. A future loss on these contracts is recognized in the current reporting year if the expected costs for outstanding services under the contract exceed unearned revenue. For multipleelement arrangements such as when vehicles are sold with free or reducedinprice maintenance contracts or with free online services the Group generally allocates revenue to the various elements based on their estimated relative standalone selling prices. To determine standalone selling prices the MercedesBenz Group primarily uses price lists with consideration of average price reductions granted to its customers. Depending on the sales model vehicles may be initially sold to nonGroup dealers. When control of the vehicle is transferred to the nonGroup dealer the MercedesBenz Group recognizes revenue from the sale of the vehicle. Irrespective of this an end customer can decide to enter into a leasing contract with MercedesBenz Mobility regarding such a vehicle. The vehicle is then sold by the nonGroup dealer to MercedesBenz Mobility. 

Score 0.48
scenario and pessimistic scenario. The impairment amount for trade receivables is predominantly determined on a collective basis. A financial instrument is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery in whole or in part for example after the end of insolvency proceedings or after a court decision of uncollectibility. Significant modification of financial assets e.g. with a change in the present value of the contractual cash flows of also leads to derecognition of the financial assets with a simultaneous recognition of new financial assets. If the terms of a contract are renegotiated or modified and this does not result in derecognition of the contract then the gross carrying amount of the contract is recalculated and a modification gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss.Offsetting of financial instrumentsFinancial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position provided that an enforceable right currently exists to offset the amounts involved and there is an intention either to carry out the offsetting on a net basis or to settle a liability when the related asset is sold. Financial liabilities Financial liabilities primarily include trade payables liabilities to financial institutions bonds derivative financial liabilities and other liabilities. Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost After initial recognition financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effectiveinterest method. Insofar as the MercedesBenz Group enters into reverse factoring agreements in which trade receivables of a supplier are transferred to a financial intermediary changes in the presentation of the original trade payables may occur. That would be the case if these liabilities differed in nature and function from other trade payables. As a result these liabilities would be presented separately. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Financial liabilities recognized at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading. Derivatives including embedded derivatives separated from the host contract which are not used as hedging instruments in hedge accounting are classified as held for trading. Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognized in profit or loss. Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting The Group uses derivative financial instruments exclusively for hedging financial risks that arise from its operating or financing activities or liquidity management. These are mainly currency risks interest rate risks and commodity price risks. 

Score 0.48
Taxonomyeligibility of revenue For the share of Taxonomyeligible revenue under A. in the table Revenue the Taxonomyeligible revenue is considered in relation to the total revenue of the Group.In this process the denominator takes into account the consolidated revenue generated by Group companies that are to be included in the calculations. The revenue as disclosed in the consolidated statement of income amounted to million in the reporting year million see Note in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.The numerator was calculated by examining this revenue to determine how much of it was generated in connection with the manufacturing the leasing or the financing of vehicles the operation of highpower 

Score 0.48
Taxonomyeligibility is assessed in an initial step. For an economic activity to be Taxonomyeligible that activity must be mentioned and explained in further detail in the delegated acts for the Taxonomy Regulation. The EU delegated acts Commission Delegated Regulation EU and its supplement Commission Delegated Regulation EU which was adopted by the European Commission in June contain descriptions of relevant economic activities and technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation. The supplement to the delegated regulation includes new technical screening criteria that refer to both the existing economic activities and to new economic activities. Furthermore a new EU delegated act Commission Delegated Regulation EU containing economic activities and technical screening criteria relevant for the remaining environmental objectives was published in . The economic activities relevant to the MercedesBenz Group in this context are to be found under the environmental objectives climate change mitigation climate change adaptation and transition to a circular economy. On the basis of the descriptions contained in the delegated acts relating to climate change mitigation the following Taxonomyeligible economic activities have been identified for the Group	 Economic activity . encompasses manufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport in connection with the production of cars and vans	 Economic activity . encompasses leasing and financing of lowcarbon cars and vans	 Economic activity . encompasses leasing and financing of lowcarbon commercial vehicles	 Economic activity . encompasses infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport charging infrastructureIn a Commission Notice C published by the European Commission on October the Commission stated that the term lowcarbon only relates to the assessment of Taxonomyalignment within the framework of the technical screening criteria and is not relevant for reporting on the Taxonomyeligible economic activity .. With regard to car manufacturer in particular and as an example the document shows that the activity manufacture of lowcarbon vehicles also includes vehicles with combustion engines. For the MercedesBenz Group this clarification by the European Commission means that the manufacture of all Group vehicles is to be classified as Taxonomyeligible.

Score 0.478
 thereof with gross settlement Cash outflows Cash inflows thereof with net settlement Cash outflows Trade payables

Score 0.477
Provisions for other risksProduct warranties Personnel and social costs Litigation risks and regulatory proceedings Others Total In millions of euros Balance at December thereof current thereof noncurrent Additions UtilizationsReversalsCompounding and effects from changes in discount rates Exchangerate effects and other changesBalance at December thereof current thereof noncurrent 

Score 0.475
Segment liabilities principally comprise all liabilities. The MercedesBenz Cars and MercedesBenz Vans reporting segments liabilities exclude income tax liabilities liabilities from pensions and similar obligations and certain financial instruments including financing liabilities. The residualvalue risks associated with the Groups operating leases and receivables from financial services are generally borne by the segments which manufactured the leased vehicles. Risk sharing is based on agreements between MercedesBenz Cars MercedesBenz Vans and MercedesBenz Mobility the terms vary by segment and geographic region. Noncurrent assets consist of intangible assets property plant and equipment and equipment on operating leases. Capital expenditures for intangible assets and property plant and equipment reflect the casheffective additions to these intangible assets and property plant and equipment insofar as they do not relate to capitalized borrowing costs or goodwill. Depreciation and amortization may also include impairments insofar as they do not relate to goodwill impairment according to IAS . Amortization of capitalized borrowing costs is not included in the amortization of intangible assets or depreciation of property plant and equipment.

Score 0.473
Gains and losses on cash flow hedges and hedges of net investments in foreign operationsCurrency risk Interest rate risk Commodity price risk In millions of euros Line item in the Statement of Income in which the reclassifications are included Revenues Cost of sales Cost of sales Interest expense Cost of sales Gains and losses recognized in other comprehensive income Reclassification of gains and losses from reserves for derivative financial instruments to the statement of income For hedges for which the hedged future cash flows are no longer expected to occurFor hedges that have been transferred because the hedged item has affected profit or lossGains and losses recognized in other comprehensive income Reclassification of gains and losses from reserves for derivative financial instruments to the statement of income For hedges for which the hedged future cash flows are no longer expected to occur For hedges that have been transferred because the hedged item has affected profit or loss 

Score 0.472
Profit before income taxesDepreciation and amortizationimpairmentsOther noncash expense and income and gainslosses from disposals of assetsChange in operating assets and liabilities	 Inventories	 Trade receivables and trade payables	 Receivables from financial services	 Vehicles on operating leases	 Other operating assets and liabilitiesDividends received from equitymethod investments

Score 0.47
 Trade receivables Cash and cash equivalents Marketable debt securities and similar investments Other receivables and miscellaneous other financial assets Financial assets recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income Marketable debt securities and similar investments Equity instruments and debt instruments Financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss Marketable debt securities and similar investments Equity instruments and debt instruments Other financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss

Score 0.47
Provisions for other risks Provisions are recognized when a obligation to third parties has been incurred an outflow of resources is probable and the amount of the obligation can be reasonably estimated. The amount recognized as a provision represents the best estimate of the obligation at the reporting date. Provisions with an original maturity of more than one year are discounted to the present value of the expenditures expected to settle the obligation at the end of the reporting period. If the recognition criteria of provisions are not fulfilled and the possibility of a cash outflow upon settlement is not unlikely the item is to be presented as a contingent liability insofar as it is adequately measurable. The amount disclosed as a contingent liability represents the best estimate of the possible obligation at the reporting date. Provisions and contingent liabilities are regularly reviewed and adjusted as further information becomes available or circumstances change. A provision for expected warranty costs is recognized when a product is sold or when a new warranty programme is initiated. Estimates for accrued warranty costs are particularly based on historical experience. Other assumptions include but are not limited to the amount of potential repair costs. The provisions are regularly adjusted to reflect new information.Restructuring provisions are set up in connection with programmes that materially change the scope of business performed by a segment or business unit or the manner in which business is conducted. In most cases restructuring expenses include termination benefits and compensation payments due to the termination of agreements with suppliers and dealers. Benefits on termination of employment are recognized when the Group has a detailed formal plan that has either commenced implementation or been announced. Contract and refund liabilities Contract liabilities A contract liability is an entitys obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the entity has received consideration or the amount is due from the customer. Refund liabilities A refund liability occurs if the MercedesBenz Group receives consideration from a customer and expects to refund some or all of that consideration to the customer. A refund liability is measured at the amount of consideration received for which the MercedesBenz Group does not expect to be entitled and is thus not included in the transaction price.Sharebased payment Sharebased payment comprises cashsettled liability awards. Liability awards are measured at fair value at each balance sheet date until settlement and are classified as provisions under consideration of vesting conditions. The profit or loss of the period equals the addition to andor the reversal of the provision during the reporting period and the dividend equivalent paid during the period and is included in functional costs. 

Score 0.469
Mainly relates to changes due to currency translations changes in the scope of consolidation and reclassification to the balance sheet item Assets held for sale. 

Score 0.469
Taxonomyeligibility of operating expenditure For the share of Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure under A. in the table Operating expenditure the Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure is considered in relation to the relevant operating expenditure of the Group.The operating expenditures to be taken into account in the denominator correspond to a figure that was exclusively calculated within the framework of taxonomy reporting as they are elements of the individual functional costs. These operating expenditures include noncapitalized research and development costs and costs arising from shortterm leasing agreements. In addition according to the delegated act relating to Article of the Taxonomy Regulation expenditure from 

Score 0.468
Collectability of receivables from financial servicesThe Group regularly estimates the risk of default on receivables from financial services carrying amount as of December million December million. Many factors are taken into consideration in this context including historical loss experience the size and composition of certain portfolios current economic events and conditions and the current fair values and adequacy of collaterals. In addition to historical and current information on losses appropriate and reliable forwardlooking information on factors is also included. This information includes macroeconomic factors e.g. gross domestic product growth unemployment rate cost performance index and forecasts of future economic conditions. For receivables from financial services these forecasts are performed using a scenario analysis basic scenario optimistic scenario and pessimistic scenario. Further external information which cannot be depicted in the scenarios is as far as necessary included in the assessment through subsequent adjustments. Changes to the estimation and assessment of these factors influence the allowance for credit losses with a resulting impact on the Groups net profit. Product warranties The Group provides various types of product warranties depending on the type of product and market conditions. Provisions for product warranties carrying amount as of December million December million are generally recognized at the time of vehicle sale. In order to determine the extent of these provisions assumptions have to be made concerning the type and extent of future warranty claims and goodwill cases as well as on possible recall campaigns for each model series. These assessments are based on experience of the frequency and extent of vehicle faults and defects in the past. In addition the estimates also include assumptions on the amounts of potential repair costs per vehicle and the effects of possible time or mileage limits. The provisions are regularly adjusted to reflect new information. Liability and litigation risks and governmental proceedings Various legal proceedings claims and governmental investigations are pending against MercedesBenz Group AG and its subsidiaries on a wide range of topics. If the outcome of such legal proceedings is detrimental to the MercedesBenz Group the Group may be required to pay substantial compensatory and punitive damages to undertake service actions or recall campaigns to pay fines or to carry out other costly actions. Litigation and governmental investigations often involve complex legal issues and are connected with a high degree of uncertainty. Accordingly the assessment of whether an obligation exists on the balance sheet date as a result of an event in the past and whether a future cash outflow is likely and the obligation can be reliably estimated largely depends on estimations by the management. The MercedesBenz Group regularly evaluates the current stage of legal proceedings also with the involvement of external legal counsel. It is therefore possible that the amounts of provisions for pending or threatened proceedings will have to be regularly restated due to new expected developments. As of December the carrying amounts of provisions for liability and litigation risks are million December million. Changes in estimates and assumptions can have a material effect on the Groups future profitability liquidity and capial resources and financial position. It is also possible that provisions recognized for some legal proceedings may turn out to be insufficient once such 

Score 0.467
In the case of manufactured inventories and work in progress manufacturing cost also includes production overheads based on normal capacity. Financial instruments A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity. Financial instruments in the form of financial assets and financial liabilities are generally presented separately. Financial instruments are recognized as soon as the MercedesBenz Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. In the case of purchases or sales of financial assets through the regular market the MercedesBenz Group uses the transaction date as the date of initial recognition or derecognition. Upon initial recognition financial instruments are measured at fair value. For the purpose of subsequent measurement financial instruments are allocated to one of the categories mentioned in IFRS Financial Instruments financial assets measured at amortized cost financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss. Transaction costs directly attributable to acquisition or issuance are considered when determining the carrying amount if the financial instruments are not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Financial assets Financial assets primarily comprise receivables from financial services trade receivables receivables from banks cash on hand derivative financial assets marketable securities and similar investments and financial investments. The classification of financial instruments is based on the business model in which these instruments are held and on their contractual cash flows. The determination of the business model is carried out at the portfolio level and is based on managements intention and past transaction patterns. Assessments of the contractual cash flows are made on an instrumentbyinstrument basis. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets with cash flows other than those of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding. Furthermore financial assets that are held in a business model other than hold to collect or hold to collect and sell are included here. In addition derivatives including embedded derivatives separated from the host contract which are not classified as hedging instruments in hedge accounting as well as shares and marketable debt securities acquired for the purpose of selling in the short term that are classified as held for trading are included here. Gains or losses on these financial assets are recognized in profit or loss. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are nonderivative financial assets with contractual cash flows that consist solely of payments of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding and which are held to collect the contractual cash flows as well as to sell the financial assets e.g. to achieve a defined liquidity target business model hold to collect and sell. This category also includes equity instruments not held for trading for which the option to recognize changes in the fair value of the instrument within other comprehensive income has been applied. 

Score 0.466
The internal management and reporting structure at the MercedesBenz Group is principally based on the accounting policies according to IFRS that are described in Note . The measure of the Groups net profit or loss used by the MercedesBenz Groups management and reporting structure is referred to as EBIT. EBIT comprises gross profit selling and general administrative expenses research and noncapitalized development costs other operating incomeexpense and the gainslosses on equitymethod investments as well as other financial incomeexpense. In justified individual cases effects on the Groups Consolidated Statement of Income Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows are not allocated to the corresponding segment based on a legal point of view but the segment report rather follows an economic approach. Intersegment revenue is principally recorded at prices that approximate market terms. Transactions between the segments are generally eliminated in the reconciliation. The elimination of effects connected with intraGroup transfers of equity investments principally takes place in the segments involved. The effects on earnings at the Group are normally recognized in the corresponding segment upon completion of the external transaction. Some simplifications have been made in the segment reporting with regard to accounting for leasing agreements in connection with intraGroup transactions. Segment assets principally comprise all assets. The assets of the MercedesBenz Cars and MercedesBenz Vans segments exclude income tax assets assets from defined benefit pension plans and other postemployment benefit plans and certain financial instruments including liquidity. 

Score 0.466
 to units.Entry The Entry category represented of the entire portfolio. Sales of the AClass

Score 0.465
EU taxonomyThe EU Taxonomy Regulation and the adopted delegated acts along with the supplementary interpretation documents of the European Commission contain formulations and terms that are still subject to considerable uncertainties and for which clarifications have not yet been published in all cases. Among others this refers to the interpretation of the classification of economic activities the donosignificantharm criteria and the assessment of the economic substance of financial investments. On account of the immanent risk that certain abstract legal terms can be interpreted in various ways the conformity of the interpretation with the law is subject to uncertainty.Components of the Combined Management Report not audited for contentInsofar as the references made in the Management Report relate to parts of the Annual Report that were not included in the external audit components outside the company and Consolidated Financial Statements and the Combined Management Report or to the MercedesBenz Group website or other reports or documents these were not part of the external audit.The disclosures on the appropriateness and effectiveness of the internal control and risk management system in the Risk and Opportunity Report chapter which are not part of the Management Report were also not included in the audit of the financial statements. Key figures that were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report are indicated by a footnote.

Score 0.463
Annual Report MercedesBenz Grouprequirements in the construction and approval process according to the DNSH requirements were taken as a basis.The analysis of the DNSH requirements for economic activities . and . forms the basis for considering the taxonomycompliant shares. With regard to economic activity . the reductions due to the DNSH requirements of the environmental objective pollution prevention and control were taken into account in the Taxonomyalignment of revenues and investments.Fulfilment of minimum safeguards An economic activity can only be classified as environmentally sustainable within the meaning of the Taxonomy if it is also conducted in accordance with certain minimum standards that are based on international frameworks. Here Article of the Taxonomy Regulation references the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights including the basic principles and rights from the eight core conventions defined in the International Labour Organizations Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and the International Bill of Human Rights. The Taxonomy Regulation itself does not further specify the standards.The report published by the Platform on Sustainable Finance in October Final Report on Minimum Safeguards assists companies with the interpretation of the scope and application of the minimum standards. This report forms the foundation for the application of minimum standards and the associated reporting at the MercedesBenz Group. Key issue areas here are human rights and labour rights see the chapters Social compliance and Occupational health and safety the prevention of corruption and the promotion of fair competition see the chapters Compliance management system Combating corruption and Promoting fair competition and responsible tax practices see the chapter Tax obligation. The verification of compliance here basically involves demonstrating compliance with the existence of corresponding due diligence processes at the Group level and the fact that no judicial rulings relating to serious violations in the aforementioned areas have been made in the final instance.

Score 0.462
 Other reconciling items and eliminations Segment assets Group Unallocated financial instruments including liquidity and assets from pensions and similar obligations

Score 0.462
Annual Report MercedesBenz GroupIn the reporting year the MercedesBenz Group was able to complete of the process of reviewing all raw materials thus achieving its target for . The achievement describes the progress in the overall process of assessing all raw materials which includes fully complete and partially complete assessments. The MercedesBenz Group also carefully checks the services it uses. Services that are particularly critical from a human rights perspective were identified as part of an impact assessment. The analysis resulted in a list of services that are potentially critical in terms of human rights. We regularly conduct such risk mapping in order to address current developments and adapt our risk classification if necessary. The main human rights risks for the identified services are then determined on a stepbystep and supply chainspecific basis and appropriate measures are defined.Requirements for suppliersThe MercedesBenz Group is committed to the responsible procurement of production materials nonproduction materials and services. The Group has incorporated the guidelines for sustainable supply chain management into the Responsible Sourcing Standards RSS. They define minimum requirements and expectations for direct suppliers and contractually oblige them to comply with these requirements to communicate them to their employees and upstream stages of the value chain and to monitor compliance with them in their business processes and sphere of influence.The goal here is to prevent minimize or if possible bring to an end any negative impacts on human rights worldwide. The RSS are an integral part of all new orders for Tier suppliers and the key contractual document for minimum and sustainability requirements. They are applied worldwide.Measures in the supply chainThe MercedesBenz Group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain. This includes training preventive and corrective measures risk analyses documentation for tracking and reporting purposes and effectiveness checks. With these instruments the MercedesBenz Group intends to increase transparency in the supply chain and to ensure that internationally recognized human rights are upheld by business partners as well and that other social standards and environmental requirements are met. The procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here.In addition Tier suppliers were continuously screened for human rights violations and breaches of environmental standards in the reporting year. The objective is to identify possible violations at an early stage on the basis of the latest supplier data. Should there be any indication revealed the responsible procurement department initiates an extensive examination of the situation. The MercedesBenz Group also continued to conduct audits at Tier suppliers in when it made onsite inspections. Among other things anomalies were detected with regard to working hours the communication of our sustainability standards and business ethics.If onsite inspections reveal deficiencies at a supplier the MercedesBenz Group calls on the supplier to improve the relevant processes. If the supplier does not sufficiently remedy the criticised processes the Group makes individual decisions regarding the next steps. In especially severe cases these decisions can be made by management bodies. As a last resort this can also lead to the discontinuation of the MercedesBenz Groups business relationship with a supplier.Raising awareness of human rights issues The Integrity Code and the Principles of Social Responsibility and Human Rights are binding for all employees of the MercedesBenz Group as well as the consolidated Group companies. Both are the subject of the mandatory basic online module IntegrityWork which also covers topics related to integrity and compliance and must be completed every three years by all employees of the administration of MercedesBenz Group AG as well as the consolidated Group companies. In human rights compliance training was also introduced for all managers of MercedesBenz Group AG and consolidated Group companies 

Score 0.461
Receivables from financial servicesAt December At December Current Noncurrent Total Current Noncurrent Total In millions of euros Sales financing with customers Sales financing with dealers Finance lease contracts Residualvalue receivables Gross carrying amount Loss allowances Net carrying amount 

Score 0.461
Carrying amounts and fair values of financial instrumentsAt December At December Carrying amount Fair value Carrying amount Fair value In millions of euros Receivables from financial services Trade receivables Cash and cash equivalents Marketable debt securities and similar investments Recognized at fair value through profit or loss Recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income Measured at cost Other financial assets Equity instruments and debt instruments Recognized at fair value through profit or loss Recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income Other financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss Derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting Other receivables and miscellaneous other financial assets Financial assets Financing liabilities Trade payables Other financial liabilities Financial liabilities recognized at fair value through profit or loss Derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting Miscellaneous other financial liabilities Contract and refund liabilities Obligations from sales transactions Financial liabilities 

Score 0.46
Annual Report MercedesBenz GroupThe following table shows the scope of the Taxonomyeligibility and the Taxonomyalignment for the operating expenditure by environmental objective

Score 0.458
The cash flows from acquisitions and sales of marketable debt securities and similar investments included in cash flows from investing activities are deducted as those securities are allocated to liquidity and changes in them are thus not a part of the free cash flow of the industrial business. On the other hand effects in connection with the recognition and measurement of rightofuse assets which result from lessee accounting and are largely noncash items are included in the free cash flow of the industrial business. Other adjustments relate to effects from the financing of the Groups own dealerships and effects from internal deposits within the Group. In addition the calculation of the free cash flow of the industrial business includes the cash flows to be shown under cash flow from financing activities in connection with the acquisition or disposal of interests in subsidiaries without loss of control.In the free cash flow of the industrial business amounted to . billion and was thus higher than the previous years figure of . billion.The increase in the free cash flow of the industrial business by . billion to . billion compared to the previous year is characterized by an improvement in profit before income taxes of the industrial business. During the reporting period a positive effect resulted from the development of the working capital mainly due to a lower inventory buildup and a decrease in the trade receivables compared to the previous year. A smaller increase in trade payables compared to the previous year had an opposing effect.In the previous year the free cash flow was also impacted by higher payments resulting from the settlement of civil and environmental claims made by several US authorities in in connection with emission control systems used in certain diesel vehicles as well as higher payments in connection with restructuring measures. Another positive effect resulted from a lower increase in the number of leased vehicles compared to the previous year. Moreover higher dividend payments were received during the reporting period from equitymethod investments in particular Daimler Truck Holding AG and Beijing Benz Automotive Co. Ltd. Investments in and disposals of shareholdings and other business operations resulted in slightly higher cash inflows in the reporting period than in the previous year.There was an increase in income taxes paid in comparison to the prior year which resulted from the improvement in earnings before taxes in the industrial business. In addition to payments to the tax authorities income tax payments also include intraGroup payments and refunds based on contractual arrangements within the tax groups. A further negative effect on the free cash flow of the industrial business resulted from the higher investment in intangible assets and capital expenditure on property plant and equipment.

Score 0.457
If in connection with contracts a worsening of payment behaviour or other causes of a credit risk are recognized collection procedures are initiated by claims management to obtain the overdue payments of the customer to take possession of the asset financed or leased or alternatively to renegotiate the impaired contract. Internal restructuring policies and practices for loan and leasing contracts are based on the indicators or criteria which in the judgement of local management indicate that repayment will probably continue and that the total proceeds expected to be derived from the renegotiated contract exceed the expected proceeds to be derived from immediate repossession and remarketing. In the case of receivables from financial services significant modifications of financial assets were only made in rare cases and to an insignificant extent. The allowance ratio decreased compared to the previous year due to the sale of the Russian MercedesBenz Mobility companies for which very high provisions were recorded in . The default rate has increased compared to the very low figures in the previous year mainly due to a challenging lending environment in the United States. For information on credit risks included in receivables from financial services see Note . Information on the measurement of expected credit losses is provided in Note . Trade receivables Trade receivables are mostly receivables from worldwide sales of vehicles and spare parts. The credit risk from trade receivables encompasses the default risk of customers e.g. dealers and general distribution companies as well as other corporate and private customers. In order to identify credit risks the MercedesBenz Group assesses the creditworthiness of customers. The MercedesBenz Group manages its credit risk from trade receivables using appropriate IT applications and databases on the basis of internal policies which have to be followed Groupwide. A significant proportion of the trade receivables from each countrys domestic business is secured by various countryspecific types of collateral. This collateral includes conditional sales guarantees and sureties as well as mortgages and deposits from customers. For trade receivables from the export business the MercedesBenz Group also evaluates its customers creditworthiness by means of an internal rating process with consideration of the respective country risk. In this context the Annual Financial Statements and other relevant information on the general distribution companies such as payment history are used and assessed. Depending on the creditworthiness of the customers the MercedesBenz Group establishes credit limits and limits credit risks with the following types of collateral credit insurancesfirstclass bank guarantees andletters of credit. These procedures are defined in the export credit guidelines which have Groupwide validity. For impairments of trade receivables the simplified approach is applied according to which these receivables are allocated to stage . Credit losses until maturity for these trade receivables are recognized upon initial recognition. Further information on trade receivables and the status of loss allowances recognized is provided in Note . 

Score 0.456
Reconciliation of the segments EBIT to net operating profitIn millions of eurosChangeMercedesBenz CarsMercedesBenz VansMercedesBenz MobilityEBIT of the segmentsIncome taxes

Score 0.455
 category accounted for of total unit sales in . In MercedesMaybach was able to increase unit sales by to units. At units MercedesAMG achieved a increase in unit sales. At units sales of the GClass

Score 0.454
.	 Material accounting policies.	 Accounting estimates and management judgements.	 Consolidated Group.	 Revenue.	 Functional costs.	 Other operating income and expense.	 Other financial incomeexpense.	 Interest income and interest expense.	 Income taxes.	Intangible assets.	Property plant and equipment.	Equipment on operating leases.	Equitymethod investments.	Receivables from financial services.	Marketable debt securities and similar investments.	Other financial assets.	Other assets.	Inventories.	Trade receivables.	Equity.	Sharebased payment.	Pensions and similar obligations.	Provisions for other risks.	Financing liabilities.	Other financial liabilities.	Deferred income.	Contract and refund liabilities.	Other liabilities	 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.	Legal proceedings.	Contingent liabilities and other financial obligations.	Financial instruments.	Management of financial risks.	Segment reporting.	Capital management.	Earnings per share.	Related party disclosures.	Remuneration of the members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board.	Auditor fees.	Events after the reporting period.	Additional information

Score 0.453
The transactions with associated companies mainly relate to Daimler Truck Holding AG Daimler Truck which is allocated to the reconciliation and to LSH Auto International Limited LSHAI and Beijing Benz Automotive Co. Ltd. BBAC which are allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment. There are numerous relationships in the scope of ordinary business between the MercedesBenz Group and Daimler Truck for example the purchase and sale of goods and services and leasing agreements. In addition there is an interim provision of services by corporate functions that are included under other operating income. The leased equipment of the MercedesBenz Mobility segment includes commercial vehicles produced by Daimler Truck which have been acquired from external dealers or other third parties not related to the MercedesBenz Group. MercedesBenz Mobility usually receives a residualvalue guarantee from Daimler Truck for this leased equipment in connection with the obligation to return the respective commercial vehicles to Daimler Truck. At December this guarantee was million December million. Additionally the MercedesBenz Group will continue the leasing and salesfinancing business for Daimler Trucks commercial vehicles in some markets. To this end MercedesBenz Mobility acquires these vehicles from Daimler Truck and leases them to the end customers. Insofar as a mandatory vehicle return to Daimler Truck has been agreed a leasing contract head lease between MercedesBenz Mobility and Daimler Truck is shown. The contract between MercedesBenz Mobility and the end customer constitutes a sublease in this respect. The receivables and rightofuse assets shown in the table include demands for the repurchase of vehicles of million December million shown in receivables from financial services and rightofuse assets of million December million visvis Daimler Truck shown in equipment on operating leases. These rightofuse assets were depreciated as planned by million in million. In addition the MercedesBenz Group holds a minority interest of million December million in real estate companies controlled by Daimler Truck Group which is shown as debt instruments in other financial assets. At December offbalancesheet obligations to the Daimler Truck Group amounted to million December million. 

Score 0.453
 Other reconciling items and eliminations Segment liabilities Group Unallocated financial instruments and liabilities from pensions and similar obligations

Score 0.453
Review of future structure of Own Retail in Germany On January the MercedesBenz Group announced a comprehensive review of the structures of the Groups Own Retail in Germany. The review is openended as regards its outcome and will be conducted individually and stepbystep at each retail location. The Company expects the transformation process to take several years. Contract negotiations with potential buyers had not yet taken place as of the balance sheet date. At the present time it is not possible to reliably estimate the effects on the profitability financial position and liquidity and capital resources. 

Score 0.452
. The main reasons for this were an increase in unit sales of allelectric vehicles and the expansion of the product portfolio for lowcarbon vehicles.The revenues shown below are included as an aggregation across the various economic activities.The following table shows the scope of the Taxonomyeligibility and the Taxonomyalignment for the revenue by environmental objective

Score 0.449
Minimum safeguardsProportion of Taxonomyaligned A. or Taxonomy eligible A. revenueCategory enabling activityCategory transitional activity in millions of eurosin Y N NEL

Score 0.449
The incremental cost of obtaining contracts is recognized as an expense when incurred if the amortization period would be no longer than one year. The MercedesBenz Group does not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component if at contract inception it is expected that the period between the transfer of a promised asset or service to a customer and payment by the customer will be no longer than one year. Revenue also includes revenue from the rental and leasing business as well as interest from the financial services business at MercedesBenz Mobility. Revenue generated from operating leases is recognized on a straightline basis over the periods of the contracts. In addition sales revenue is generated at the end of lease contracts from the subsequent sale of the vehicles. Revenue from receivables from financial services is recognized using the effectiveinterest method. The MercedesBenz Group uses a variety of sales promotion programmes dependent on various market conditions in individual countries as well as the respective product life cycles and productrelated factors such as amounts of discounts offered by competitors excess industry production capacity the intensity of market competition and consumer demand for the products. These programmes comprise cash offers to dealers and customers as well as lease subsidies or loans at reduced interest rates which are reported as followsRevenue is recognized net of sales reductions such as cash discounts and sales incentives granted.When loans are issued below market rates related receivables are recognized at present value using market rates and revenue is reduced for the interest incentive granted.If subsidised leasing fees are agreed upon in connection with finance leases revenue from the sale of a vehicle is reduced by the amount of the interest incentive granted. Research and noncapitalized development costs Expenditure for research and development that does not meet the conditions for capitalization according to IAS Intangible Assets is expensed as incurred. Borrowing costs Borrowing costs are expensed as incurred unless they are directly attributable to the acquisition construction or production of a qualifying asset and are therefore part of the acquisition or manufacturing costs of that asset. Depreciation of the capitalized borrowing costs is presented within cost of sales. Government grants Government grants related to assets are deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in earnings over the life of a depreciable asset as a reduced depreciation expense. Government grants which compensate the Group for expenses are recognized as other operating income in the same period as the expenses themselves. 

Score 0.446
group.mercedesbenz.comdcg.Pursuant to Section Subsection Sentence of the German Commercial Code HGB the purpose of the audit of the statements pursuant to Section f Subsections and and Section d of the HGB by the auditors is limited to determining whether such statements have actually been provided.

Score 0.445
Inventories are comprised as shown in the following table. 

Score 0.445
Annual Report MercedesBenz Groupcharging stations or the sale of second handgoods which were purchased from third parties by the MercedesBenz Group. This applies to almost all of the revenue generated by the MercedesBenz Group. In the previous year the revenues from the sale of secondhand goods which MercedesBenz Group purchased from third parties were assigned to the revenue from Taxonomy noneligible activities. Since the reporting year this revenue has been assigned to the economic activity ..Taxonomyalignment of revenueIn order to calculate the Taxonomyaligned proportion of economic activities under A. in the table Revenue revenues were examined to determine whether they were generated with lowcarbon vehicles in order to assess whether a substantial contribution had been made to climate change mitigation. Compliance with the DNSH criteria was also monitored.For the major proportion of the revenue in particular from the new and used vehicle business and leasing and sales financing activities a direct attribution was made of the revenue accounted for by lowcarbon vehicles. With regard to other revenue components especially revenue from the spare parts business and service and maintenance contracts or attribution of discounts granted for large procurement volumes it is not possible to directly assign revenue to lowcarbon vehicles. In these cases suitable allocations were therefore used for the various revenue components. These classifications are based on current or historical vehicle sales data for the fleet that is currently on the market and data on production volumes. In the reporting year the share of Taxonomyaligned revenue increased to 

Score 0.445
Minimum safeguardsProportion of Taxonomyaligned A. or Taxonomyeligible A. operating expenditureCategory enabling activityCategory transitional activity in millions of eurosin Y N NEL

Score 0.445
 Mainly relates to changes due to currency translations changes in the scope of consolidation reclassifications and reclassification to the balance sheet item Assets held for sale. Including capitalized borrowing costs on development costs of million million. Amortization amounted to million million. 

Score 0.445
Contracts for the purchase or sale of nonfinancial items are regularly qualified as executory contracts and thus treated as suspended transactions although they fulfil the definition of a derivative. If such contracts do not meet the criteria for executory contracts they are recorded as derivatives. These derivatives are measured at fair value through profit or loss. The valuation effects are reported in the functional costs in which the consumption of the procured nonfinancial items e.g. energy is reported. Embedded derivatives are principally separated from the host contract and recognized separately. However embedded derivatives are not separated from the host contract if that host contract is a financial asset if the MercedesBenz Group chooses to measure a hybrid contract at fair value through profit or loss or if the embedded derivative is closely related to the host contract. Derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value upon initial recognition and at each subsequent reporting date. The fair value of listed derivatives is equal to their positive or negative market value. If a market value is not available fair value is calculated using standard financial valuation models such as discounted cash flow or optionpricing models. Derivatives are recognized as assets if their fair value is positive and as liabilities if their fair value is negative. If the requirements for hedge accounting set out in IFRS are met the MercedesBenz Group designates and documents the hedge relationship from the date a derivative contract is entered into as a fairvalue hedge a cash flow hedge or a hedge of a net investment in a foreign business operation. In a fairvalue hedge the changes in the fair value of a recognized asset or liability or an unrecognized firm commitment are hedged. In a cash flow hedge highly probable future cash flows from expected transactions or variable cash flows to be paid or received related to a recognized asset or liability are hedged. The documentation of the hedging relationship includes the objectives and strategy of risk management the type of hedging relationship the nature of the risk being hedged the identification of the eligible hedging instrument and the eligible hedged item as well as an assessment of the effectiveness requirements comprising the risk mitigating economic relationship the absence of deteriorating effects from credit risk and the appropriate hedge ratio. The effectiveness of the hedge is assessed at the start of and during the hedging relationship. Changes in fair value of nondesignated derivatives are recognized in profit or loss. For fairvalue hedges changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments and the hedged item are recognized in profit or loss. For cash flow hedges fairvalue changes in the effective portion of derivative financial instruments are recognized after tax in other comprehensive income. Effects from hedging are presented in the item of the Statement of Income in which the underlying transaction is effective. Under IFRS for cash flow hedges in procurement transactions expected with a high degree of probability designation can be made for separable risk components of these nonfinancial hedged items. Under IFRS with cash flow hedges amounts recognized in other comprehensive income as effective hedging gains or losses from hedging instruments are removed from the reserves for derivative financial instruments and directly included in the initial cost or carrying amount of the hedged item at initial recognition if the hedged item e.g. the forecast transaction results in the recognition of a nonfinancial asset or nonfinancial liability. For other cash flow hedges the accumulated hedging gains or losses from hedging instruments are reclassified from the reserves for derivative financial instruments to the Consolidated Statement of Income when the hedged item affects profit or loss. Insofar as currency translation effects recognized in profit or loss due to trade receivables and payables are connected with the underlying hedged transactions simultaneously occurring hedging gainslosses are reclassified in the Consolidated Statement of Income. The ineffective portions of fairvalue changes are recognized directly in profit or loss. For derivative instruments designated in a hedge relationship certain components can be excluded from designation and the changes in these components fair 

Score 0.444
Report pursuant to Section a and Section a of the German Commercial Code HGB

Score 0.444
Gainslosses on equitymethod investments This item includes all income and expenses in connection with investments accounted for using the equity method. In addition to the prorated profits and losses from financial investments it also includes profits and losses resulting from the sale of equity interests or the remeasurement of equity interests following a loss of significant influence or joint control. The MercedesBenz Groups share of dilution gains and losses resulting from the Groups nonparticipation or subproportional participation in capital increases of companies in which shares are held and are accounted for using the equity method is also included in gainslosses on equitymethod investments. Nonparticipation or subproportional participation in capital reductions is recorded as fictitious acquisition transactions. This item also includes impairment losses andor gains on the reversal of such impairments of equitymethod investments. Other financial incomeexpenseOther financial incomeexpense includes all income and expense from financial transactions which are included neither in interest income nor in interest expense and which for MercedesBenz Mobility are included neither in revenue nor in cost of sales. Furthermore income and expenses from equity interests are included in other financial incomeexpense if such income or expenses are not presented under gainslosses on equitymethod investments. Interest income and interest expense Interest income and interest expense include interest income from investments in securities and from cash and cash equivalents as well as interest expense from liabilities. Furthermore interest and changes in fair values related to interest rate hedging activities as well as income and expense resulting from the allocation of premiums and discounts are included. The interest components of defined benefit pension commitments and similar obligations as well as of the plan assets available to cover these obligations and interest on supplementary income tax payments or reimbursements are also presented in this line item. Interest income and expense and gains or losses from derivative financial instruments related to the financial services business are disclosed under revenue and cost of sales respectively. Expense from the compounding of interest on provisions for other risks is presented in other financial incomeexpense. Income taxesIncome taxes are comprised of current income taxes and deferred taxes. Current income taxes are calculated based on the respective local taxable income and local tax rules for the period. The calculation of income taxes of MercedesBenz Group AG and its subsidiaries is based on the legislation and regulations applicable in the various countries. In addition current income taxes presented for the reporting year include adjustments for uncertain tax payments or tax refunds for periods not yet finally assessed however excluding interest expenses and interest refunds and penalties on the underpayment of taxes. In cases for which it is probable that amounts declared as expenses in the tax returns might not be recognized uncertain tax positions a liability for income taxes is recognized. The amount is based on the best estimate of the expected tax payment expected amount or most likely amount. Taxrefund claims from uncertain tax positions are recognized when it is probable that they can be realized. Only in the case of taxloss carryforwards or unused tax credits no liability for taxes or tax claim is recognized for these uncertain tax positions. Instead the deferred tax assets for the unused taxloss carryforwards or tax credits are adjusted. Changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities are generally recognized through profit and loss in deferred taxes in the Consolidated Statement of Income except 

Score 0.443
Cost of sales In millions of euros Expense of goods sold Depreciation of equipment on operating leases Refinancing costs at MercedesBenz Mobility Impairment losses on receivables from financial services Other cost of sales 

Score 0.443
costs which were reported in the reconciliation in the segment reporting. Income of million was realized for the operating investments and business activities disposed of in in particular in the MercedesBenz Cars segment. In total expenses from the realization of the currency reserve of million were recognized. In there were no significant effects on the profitability liquidity and capital resources and financial position. Sale of foreign retail activities and other sales companies Agreements on the sale of further sales activities in other European countries were concluded in . The disposals are to take place successively over the course of . The criteria for classification as assets and liabilities held for distribution or sale are met as of December . The assets of . billion and liabilities of . billion are therefore reported as assets and liabilities held for sale in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position of December in accordance with IFRS . Of the assets . billion is attributable to the MercedesBenz Cars segment and . billion to the MercedesBenz Vans segment. Assets mainly comprise inventories of . billion property plant and equipment of . billion and trade receivables of . billion. The liabilities which are almost entirely attributable to the MercedesBenz Cars segment mainly include financing liabilities to financial institutions of . billion. In January the Group divested its retail activities in Italy. There were no significant effects on the profitability liquidity and capital resources and financial position. The sales company in Greece and other dealers in Europe were already sold in the course of . The disposals resulted in income of million. The cash inflow amounted to a total of million. The effects are mainly allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment. In addition further retail activities in various countries in particular those allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment were sold in . The disposals resulted in income of million and cash inflows of million. In December the contractual arrangements on the sale of the retail activities in Canada were concluded. The transaction became effective in February and the Group recognized other operating income of million which was mainly allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment. The cash inflow amounted to million and was also mainly allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment. Parts of the purchase price were financed by MercedesBenz Financial Services in Canada and led to a cash outflow of million at the MercedesBenz Mobility segment. Sale of Indonesian sales and production entitiesThe MercedesBenz Group sold its subsidiaries in Indonesia to a local investor with effect from September . The sale of both companies resulted in an income of million and a cash inflow of million which are allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment. Assets decreased by million and liabilities by million as a result of deconsolidation. 

Score 0.442
Taxonomyeligibility of capital expenditure For the share of Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure under A. in the table Capital expenditure the Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure is considered in relation to the total relevant capital expenditure of the Group.All additions to intangible assets property plant and equipment and rightofuse assets as defined in IFRS in accordance with the statements of changes in noncurrent assets as well as additions to equipment on operating leases including the additions to the named assets as part of company acquisitions are taken into account in the denominator. Equipment on operating leases only takes into account vehicles acquired by dealers from outside the Group. Goodwill acquired is not taken into account here. If a divestment is planned capital expenditure on noncurrent assets is only taken into account until the point in time at which they were first classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS . The relevant additions to the assets to be taken into account amounted to million in the reporting year million see Notes and in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Additions that result from a purchase in the context of a company acquisition are of secondary importance in the reporting year.According to the Commission Notice C that the European Commission published on October the definition of an economic activity is characterized by the achievement of an output. In line with the MercedesBenz Groups business model the numerator was therefore determined by examining whether capital expenditure is made in connection with the manufacturing of vehicles the establishment of the charging infrastructure or the implementation of transport solutions for people and goods. This applies to nearly all of our investments.Taxonomyalignment of capital expenditure To calculate the Taxonomyaligned proportion of economic activities under A. in the table Capital expenditure capital expenditure was examined to determine the extent to which it was associated with lowcarbon vehicles economic activities . and . and with highpower charging stations economic activity . in order to assess whether a substantial contribution had been made to climate change mitigation. Table Capital expenditure p. shows the Taxonomyaligned capital expenditure aggregated across all economic activities. Compliance with the DNSH criteria was also monitored. The size of the share of Taxonomyaligned expenditure of total capital expenditure is mainly due to the disproportionately low share of Taxonomyaligned vehicles in the additions to the equipment on operating leases. As a result this share only partially reflects our investments in sustainable products for the future.When looking at Taxonomyaligned investments in intangible assets mainly in capitalized development costs and property plant and equipment of the MercedesBenz Group shows much higher shares of Taxonomyaligned capital expenditure table Capital expenditure. All of the capital expenditure of the MercedesBenz Group during the reporting year included in the numerator of the economic activities . and . relates to assets or processes in the context of already existing technologies which are connected to already existing Taxonomyaligned economic activities . and .. For most of the capital expenditure relating to the industrial business a direct attribution was made to allelectric vehicle projects. In the case of capital expenditure in lowcarbon plugin hybrids and assets that are used to produce both vehicles with combustion engines and lowcarbon vehicles suitable allocations based on planned vehicle sales figures for the respective model series or vehicle platforms were used. Capital expenditure that is not directly related to the manufacturing process was allocated on the basis of the planned unit 

Score 0.442
Annual Report MercedesBenz Groupthe independence of the compliance organization from the business divisionsMain objectives for compliance managementCombating corruptionThe MercedesBenz Group has committed itself to fighting corruption because corruption undermines fair competition and thereby harms all of society. The Groups corruption prevention measures extend beyond compliance with national laws and also encompass the guidelines from the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions and the United Nations Convention against Corruption .The Corruption Prevention Compliance Programme at the MercedesBenz Group is based on its CMS. Promoting fair competitionThe Groupwide Antitrust Compliance Programme is oriented to national and international standards for ensuring fair competition. The programme establishes a binding globally valid Group standard that defines how matters of antitrust law are to be assessed. In addition to MercedesBenz Group AGs central Legal and Compliance department the Groups global divisions can turn to local legal and compliance advisers. Employees receive further support through advice hotlines guidelines and practical support. Ensuring compliance with product requirements For the MercedesBenz Group technical Compliance means adhering to technical and regulatory requirements laws and standards. The objective here is to identify risks within the product creation process product development and certification at an early stage and to implement preventive measures. For this purpose the Group established a technical Compliance Management System tCMS in its automotive divisions. Its objective is to ensure that MercedesBenz Cars and MercedesBenz Vans comply with all legal and regulatory requirements throughout the entire product development and certification process. The tCMS defines values principles structures and processes in order to provide employees with guidance and orientation especially with regard to challenging questions on how to interpret technical regulations.The Speak up and Judgement calls commitment statements provide all employees in the development and certification units with a basis for a common understanding of responsible behaviour in the product creation process. They were drawn up jointly by Integrity Management and RD departments and are further embedded by internal departmental measures. Responsible handling of data Ensuring the protection of personal data data privacy and information security is a top priority at the MercedesBenz Group. The MercedesBenz Group regards the protection of personal data and the security of IT systems as essential components of comprehensive data governance. The key aims are the sustainable design of databased business models and the responsible ethical and legally compliant use of data in the interests of customers employees and other stakeholders. To achieve these strategic goals the MercedesBenz Group is pursuing a systematic approach. Key elements are the data governance structure the data vision the data culture and the aforementioned Data CMS. The implementation of data governance in the divisions of the MercedesBenz Group is the responsibility of the various bodies for data and data analytics. Within the MercedesBenz Group there is also a Digital Governance Board that includes members of the Board of Management. This body defines the framework for Groupwide core topics of digital governance and thus supports the digital transformation of the Group. The Chief Officer Corporate Data Protection at the MercedesBenz Group is responsible for the performance of the tasks required by law to ensure compliance with data protection rules.The MercedesBenz Groups commitment to the responsible use of data is anchored in its data vision. In the period from November to May the MercedesBenz Group focused on revising this guideline which is known as the MercedesBenz Data Vision and deriving and launching measures to increase customer confidence. The key message of the guideline is For the MercedesBenz Group customer trust and the responsible use of customer data are the basis for sustainable digital products and services.

Score 0.441
In the cost of sales were primarily affected by expenses paid to suppliers due to additional costs relating to inflation and supply chains. In contrast lower raw material prices had a positive impact on the cost of sales. Refinancing costs at MercedesBenz Mobility are rising due to higher interest rates compared to the previous year. In the prior year cost of sales were impacted by expenses in connection with the discontinuation of the business activities in Russia. The amortization expense of capitalized development costs in the amount of million million is presented in expense of goods sold. 

Score 0.436
Trade receivables are primarily receivables from contracts with customers within the scope of IFRS and are shown in the following table. 

Score 0.436
 For more information on income taxes and reclassifications to profit and loss included in the Consolidated Statement of Income see notes and .

Score 0.435
Revenue from Taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not Taxonomyaligned A.A. Turnover of Taxonomyeligible activities A. A.B. TAXONOMY NONELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES Revenue of Taxonomy noneligible activities Total A B

Score 0.434
contract between MercedesBenz Mobility and the end customer constitutes a sublease in this respect. Accounting for and classification of a sublease depend on whether the contracts were concluded before or after the legal spinoff and hivedown of Daimlers commercial vehicle business. The leases that were concluded before the legal spinoff and hivedown are continued as operating leases. The head lease is presented under equipment on operating leases as a right of use which was recognized at fair value at the spinoff date and subsequently depreciated on a straightline basis. In addition a residualvalue receivable from the companies of the Daimler Truck Group is recognized. However the leasing contracts concluded after the legal spinoff and hivedown are classified and accounted for as finance leases. The net investment in the lease corresponds to the rightofuse asset from the head lease. In addition to the finance lease MercedesBenz Mobility recognizes a residualvalue receivable from the Daimler Truck Group in the amount of the guaranteed residual value. The head lease is not recorded separately. Impairment of noncurrent nonfinancial assetsThe MercedesBenz Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired or whether there is an indication that a previously recognized impairment loss may be reversed. If such indication exists the MercedesBenz Group estimates the recoverable amount of the asset. The recoverable amount is determined for each individual asset unless the asset generates cash inflows that are not largely independent of those from other assets or other groups of assets cashgenerating units. An assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that previously recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may be reversed. If this is the case the MercedesBenz Group records a partial or entire reversal of the impairment the carrying amount is thereby increased to the recoverable amount. However the increased carrying amount may not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined net of scheduled depreciation if no impairment loss had been recognized in prior years. Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested at least annually for impairment. This takes place at the level of the cashgenerating units. The cashgenerating units MercedesBenz Cars and MercedesBenz Vans basically correspond to the segments. At MercedesBenz Mobility impairment testing is carried out below segment level. A distinction is made between the two cashgenerating units MercedesBenz Mobility Classic traditional financial services business and Charging Solutions development of a highpower charging network. As the Charging Solutions cashgenerating unit had neither goodwill nor other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives in and there was no indication of impairment in it was not necessary to calculate the recoverable amount. If it is determined that the carrying amount of an asset or of a cashgenerating unit exceeds the recoverable amount an impairment loss is recognized for the difference. The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. For cashgenerating units the MercedesBenz Group in a first step determines the respective recoverable amount as value in use and compares it with the respective carrying amount including goodwill. If value in use is lower than the carrying amount fair value less costs of disposal is additionally calculated to determine the recoverable amount. 

Score 0.433
Inventories increased compared to December due to the introduction of the direct sales model in additional markets and rampups in production due to new model years. Additionally the finished goods include on average more expensive vehicles. The amount of writedown of inventories to net realizable value recognized as an expense in cost of sales was million in million. The carrying amounts of inventories that are expected to be recovered or settled after more than twelve months amounted to million at December million and are related primarily to finished goods. To secure obligations from partial retirement and longterm working accounts a number of company cars and demonstration vehicles included in inventories of MercedesBenz AG in the amount of million is pledged as collateral to MercedesBenz Pension Trust e.V. as of December million. The increase in carrying amount is due to the significantly higher inventory levels as well as the on average more expensive vehicle prices. 

Score 0.433
market interest rates appropriate to the remaining terms of the financial instruments. derivative commodity hedging contracts the fair values of commodity hedging contracts e.g. commodity forwards are determined on the basis of current reference prices with consideration of forward premiums and discounts and default risks. Other financial receivables and other financial assets are carried at amortized cost. Because of the predominantly short maturities and the fundamentally lower credit risk of these financial instruments it is assumed that the fair values approximate the carrying amounts. Financing liabilities Financing liabilities are measured at amortized cost. The fair values of bonds loans commercial paper deposits in the direct banking business and liabilities from ABS transactions are calculated as present values of the estimated future cash flows taking account of credit premiums and credit risks. Market interest rates for the appropriate terms are used for discounting. Trade payables Due to the short maturities of these financial instruments it is assumed that their fair values are equal to the carrying amounts. Reverse factoring agreements did not change the relevant characteristics of a trade payable for the Group for the liabilities concerned. As a result there were no reclassifications of these trade payables to financing liabilities. Contract and refund liabilities Contract and refund liabilities include obligations from sales transactions that qualify as financial instruments. Obligations from sales transactions should generally be regarded as current. Due to the short maturities of these financial instruments it is assumed that their fair values are equal to the carrying amounts. Other financial liabilities Financial liabilities recognized at fair value through profit or loss comprise derivative financial instruments not used in hedge accounting. For information regarding these financial instruments as well as derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting see the notes above under Marketable debt securities and similar investments other financial assets. Miscellaneous other financial liabilities are carried at amortized cost. Because of the predominantly short maturities of these financial instruments it is assumed that the fair values approximate the carrying amounts. See Note for further qualitative descriptions of accounting for and presentation of financial instruments including derivative financial instruments. 

Score 0.431
Other legal and regulatory requirements

Score 0.428
 In millions of euros Net profit Gainslosses on currency translation Gainslosses on debt instruments Gainslosses on derivative financial instruments Gainslosses on equitymethod investments Items that may be reclassified to profitloss in the Statement of Income in the future Actuarial gainslosses from pensions and similar obligations Gainslosses on equity instruments Gainslosses on equitymethod investments Items that will not be reclassified to profitloss in the Statement of Income Other comprehensive incomeloss after taxes

Score 0.428
. Other operating income and expense 

Score 0.427
Name of the companyDomicile countryregionEquity interest inpercentFootnoteMercedesBenz Brooklands Limited Milton Keynes United Kingdom . MercedesBenz Canada Inc. Mississauga Canada . MercedesBenz Capital Investments B.V. Utrecht Netherlands . MercedesBenz Cars Vans Brasil Ltda. So Paulo Brazil . MercedesBenz Cars UK Limited Milton Keynes United Kingdom . MercedesBenz esk republika s.r.o. Prague Czech Republic . MercedesBenz Connectivity Services GmbH Stuttgart Germany . MercedesBenz Corporate Investments LLC Wilmington USA . MercedesBenz CPH AS Horsholm Denmark . MercedesBenz Credit Pnzügyi Szolgltat Hungary Zrt. Budapest Hungary . MercedesBenz Customer Solutions GmbH Stuttgart Germany . MercedesBenz Danmark AS Copenhagen Denmark . MercedesBenz Dealer Bedrijven B.V. The Hague Netherlands . MercedesBenz Espana S.A.U. Alcobendas Spain . MercedesBenz ExTra LLC Wilmington USA . MercedesBenz Filo Hizmetleri A.S. Istanbul Turkey . MercedesBenz Finance Canada Inc. Montreal Canada . MercedesBenz Finance Co. Ltd. Tokyo Japan . MercedesBenz Finance North America LLC Wilmington USA . MercedesBenz Financial Services Australia Pty. Ltd. Melbourne Australia . MercedesBenz Financial Services Austria GmbH Eugendorf Austria . MercedesBenz Financial Services BeLux NV Brussels Belgium . MercedesBenz Financial Services Canada Corporation Mississauga Canada . MercedesBenz Financial Services Cesk republika s.r.o. Prague Czech Republic . MercedesBenz Financial Services Espaa E.F.C. S.A. Alcobendas Spain . MercedesBenz Financial Services France S.A. MontignyleBretonneux France . MercedesBenz Financial Services Hong Kong Ltd. Hong Kong China . MercedesBenz Financial Services India Private Limited Chennai India . MercedesBenz Financial Services Investment Company LLC Wilmington USA . MercedesBenz Financial Services Italia S.p.A. Rome Italy . MercedesBenz Financial Services Korea Ltd. Seoul South Korea . MercedesBenz Financial Services Nederland B.V. Nieuwegein Netherlands . MercedesBenz Financial Services New Zealand Ltd Auckland New Zealand . MercedesBenz Financial Services Portugal Sociedade Financeira de Crdito S.A. Mem Martins Portugal . MercedesBenz Financial Services Schweiz AG Schlieren Switzerland . MercedesBenz Financial Services Singapore Ltd. Singapore Singapore . MercedesBenz Financial Services Slovakia s.r.o. Bratislava Slovakia . MercedesBenz Financial Services South Africa Pty Ltd Pretoria South Africa . 

Score 0.426
Annual Report MercedesBenz GroupThe following table shows the scope of the Taxonomyeligibility and the Taxonomyalignment for the capital expenditure by environmental objective

Score 0.426
Please refer with regard to the accounting policies and methods applied to the notes to the consolidated financial statements in Note Significant accounting policies and Note  Accounting estimates and management judgements. Further information on the operating leases can be found in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in Note  Equipment on operating leases and in the comments in the combined management report in the section entitled Industry and business risks and opportunities.The risk for the consolidated financial statementsThe statement of financial position caption Equipment on operating leases   million includes among other things MercedesBenz passenger cars which are purchased by nongroup dealers or other third parties and are the subject of an operating lease with the MercedesBenz Group. An impairment risk exists with regard to these vehicles that is primarily dependent on the residual value achievable at the end of the lease. These future residual values are dependent on the situation in the used vehicle markets prevailing when the vehicles are returned. The futureoriented valuation is based on a number of discretionary assumptions. The risk for the financial statements is that any impairment losses will not be recognised or that the amounts recognised will be inadequate.

Score 0.426
InventoriesAt December In millions of euros Raw materials and manufacturing supplies Work in progress Finished goods spare parts and products held for resale Advance payments to suppliers 

Score 0.425
One of the important goals of the Commission Action Plan on Financing Sustainable Growth in the context of the European Green Deal is to divert capital flows to sustainable investments. This is also the logic behind the EU Taxonomy Regulation EU that came into force in mid. This regulation governs the establishment of a standardized and legally binding classification system that defines the types of economic activity in the EU that are considered to be Taxonomyaligned and thus environmentally sustainable with regard to six environmental objectives established by the regulation 	 Climate change mitigation	 Climate change adaptation	 Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources	 Transition to a circular economy	 Pollution prevention and control	 Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystemsCompanies that are required to publish a NonFinancial Declaration must also comply with the Taxonomy Regulation. According to Article of the Taxonomy Regulation the Taxonomyaligned proportions of revenue capital expenditure and operating expenditure accounted for by environmentally sustainable economic activities are to be reported on an annual basis. 

Score 0.424
Profit measureThe measure of operating profit at the divisional level is EBIT earnings before interest and income taxes. EBIT thus reflects the divisions responsibility for profit and loss. EBIT that is calculated at the Group level takes into account centrally managed matters and eliminations.In order to provide a more transparent presentation of our ongoing business adjusted EBIT is also calculated and reported for both the Group and the divisions. The adjustments include individual items insofar as they lead to material effects in a reporting year. These individual items can relate in particular to legal proceedings and related measures restructuring measures and MA transactions. Group EBIT minus the centrally managed income taxes equals net operating profit. The chapter Profitability shows how net operating profit is calculated. Return on salesAs one of the main factors influencing value added return on sales is of particular importance for assessing the profitability of the automotive divisions. Return on sales is the ratio of EBIT to revenue and vehicle sales are the primary source of revenue. The measure of profitability for MercedesBenz Mobility is not return on sales but return on equity the ratio of EBIT to average equity on a quarterly basis. On the basis of adjusted EBIT an adjusted return on sales is reported for the automotive divisions and an adjusted return on equity is reported for MercedesBenz Mobility.Net assetsAll assets liabilities and provisions for which the automotive divisions are responsible in daytoday operations are allocated to them. Performance measurement at MercedesBenz Mobility is implemented on an equity basis. Net assets at the Group level include the net operating assets of the automotive divisions and the equity of MercedesBenz Mobility as well as assets and liabilities from income taxes and other reconciling items which are not allocated to the divisions. The average annual net assets are calculated on the basis of the average quarterly net assets. Cash flowA change in net assets for example as a result of investments generally leads to the application or release of liquid funds. Along with earnings net assets thus also have a direct effect on the cash flow. Of outstanding importance for the financial strength of the MercedesBenz Group is the free cash flow of the industrial business which comprises the cash flows at the automotive divisions and the cash flows from interest taxes and other reconciling items that cannot be allocated to the divisions. The operating cash flow before interest and taxes CFBIT for the automotive divisions is derived from EBIT and the change in net assets. The cash conversion rate CCR is the ratio of CFBIT to EBIT over a period of time and is an important measure for cashflow management at the automotive divisions. In order to provide a more transparent presentation of our ongoing business the adjusted free cash flow of the industrial business and the adjusted CFBIT of the automotive divisions are also calculated and reported. An adjusted cash conversion rate adjusted CCR on the basis of adjusted CFBIT and adjusted EBIT is presented for the automotive divisions. The adjustments include individual items insofar as they lead to material effects in a reporting year. These individual items can relate in particular to legal proceedings and related measures restructuring measures and MA transactions. 

Score 0.424
building renovation measures and certain maintenance and repair expenses basically labour and material costs as well as purchased services relating to property plant and equipment are included. These components of the relevant operating expenditures were collected exclusively from the manufacturing companies on the basis of materiality considerations.In a manner similar to the approach taken for capital expenditure the relevant operating expenditures were also examined here for the determination of the numerator on the basis of the materiality considerations mentioned above to determine whether they are related to the manufacture of vehicles. This applies to the operating expenditure described.

Score 0.423
Receivables from financial services The MercedesBenz Groups financing and leasing activities are primarily focused on supporting the sales of the Groups automotive products. As a consequence of these activities the Group is exposed to credit risk which is monitored and managed based on defined standards guidelines and procedures. The MercedesBenz Group manages its credit risk irrespective of whether it is related to a financing contract or to an operating lease or a finance lease contract. For this reason statements concerning the credit risk of MercedesBenz Mobility refer to the entire financing and leasing business unless otherwise specified. Exposure to credit risk from financing and lease activities is monitored based on the portfolio subject to credit risk. The portfolio subject to credit risk consists of wholesale and retail receivables from financial services and the portion of the operating lease portfolio that is subject to credit risk. Receivables from financial services comprise claims arising from finance lease contracts and repayment claims from financing loans. The operating lease portfolio is reported under equipment on operating leases in the Groups Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. Lease payments due from operating lease contracts are recognized in receivables from financial services. The MercedesBenz Mobility segment has policies setting the framework for effective risk management at a global as well as a local level. In particular these policies deal with minimum requirements for all riskrelevant credit processes the definition of financing products offered the evaluation of customer quality requests for collateral and the treatment of unsecured loans and nonperforming claims. The limitation of concentration risks is implemented primarily by means of global limits which refer to customer exposures. To comply with these limits MercedesBenz Mobility applies approval standards and measures to avoid concentration risks. Only one customer was granted a credit line in the form of a large loan. The MercedesBenz Mobility portfolio consists of a large number of small and mediumsized enterprises and private customers from more than countries. At December this segment accounted for of the portfolio. With respect to its financing and lease activities the Group holds collateral for customer transactions limiting actual credit risk through its fair value. The value of collateral generally depends on the amount of the financed assets. The financed vehicles usually serve as collateral. Furthermore MercedesBenz Mobility limits credit risk from financing and lease activities for example through deposits from customers. For the assessment of the default risk of retail and small business customers scoring systems are applied to evaluate their creditworthiness. Corporate customers are evaluated using internal rating instruments. Both evaluation processes use external credit bureau data if available. The scoring and rating results as well as the availability of security and other risk mitigation instruments such as deposits guarantees and to a lesser extent residual debt insurances are essential elements for credit decisions. 

Score 0.423
The table Carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments shows the carrying amounts and fair values of the respective classes of the Groups financial instruments and contain the Group amounts including assets and liabilities held for sale. The fair values of financial instruments were calculated on the basis of market information available on the balance sheet date. The following methods and assumptions were used. Receivables from financial services The fair values of receivables from financial services with variable interest rates are estimated to be equal to the respective carrying amounts because the agreed upon interest rates and those available in the market do not significantly differ. The fair values of receivables from financial services with fixed interest rates are determined on the basis of discounted expected future cash flows. Discounting is based on the current interest rates at which similar loans with identical terms could have been obtained at December and December . Trade receivables and cash and cash equivalents Due to the short terms and the fundamentally lower credit risk of these financial instruments it is assumed that their fair values are equal to the carrying amounts.Marketable debt securities and similar investments other financial assets Marketable debt securities are recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income or at fair value through profit or loss. Similar investments are measured at amortized cost and are not included in the measurement hierarchy as their carrying amounts are a reasonable approximation of fair value due to the short terms of these financial instruments and the fundamentally low credit risk. Equity instruments are recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income or at fair value through profit or loss. Equity instruments recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income are included in the table Carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments and primarily comprise the shares in Sila Nanotechnologies Inc. Momenta Global Limited and Aston Martin Lagonda Global Holdings Plc. The remaining investments recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income comprise further investments not material on an individual basis. Marketable debt securities and equity instruments recognized at fair value were measured using quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. If quoted market prices are not available for these debt and equity instruments fair value measurement is based on inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable in active markets. Fair values are calculated using recognized financial valuation models such as discounted cash flow models or multiples. Other financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss relate to derivative financial instruments not used in hedge accounting. These financial instruments as well as derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting comprise derivative currency hedging contracts the fair values of crosscurrency interest rate swaps are determined on the basis of the discounted estimated future cash flows taking account of credit premiums and default risks using the market interest rates appropriate to the remaining terms of the financial instruments. The measurement of currency forwards is based on market quotes of forward curves. Currency options are measured with optionpricing models using market data.derivative interest rate hedging contracts the fair values of interest rate hedging instruments e.g. interest rate swaps are calculated on the basis of the discounted estimated future cash flows taking account of credit premiums and default risks using the 

Score 0.422
 In millions of euros Information on the statement of incomeRevenue Profit after taxes Other comprehensive incomeloss Total comprehensive incomeloss Information on the statement of financial position and reconciliation to the equitymethod carrying amountsNoncurrent assets Current assets Noncurrent liabilities Current liabilities Equity including noncontrolling interests Equity excluding noncontrolling interests attributable to the Group Unrealized profit loss on sales topurchases from Other reconciliation effects including equitymethod goodwill and impairments on the investment Equitymethod carrying amount 

Score 0.421
. Material accounting policies General information 

Score 0.421
Taxation for Groups of Companies Minimum Tax Act MinStG and is applicable to the MercedesBenz Group from January . As part of an analysis of possible effects on the Group no countries were identified as at the reporting date from which significant effects are to be expected with regard to the possible payment of a minimum tax. To introduce a mandatory temporary exemption from the requirements in IAS Income Taxes for the recording and disclosure of information about deferred tax assets and liabilities the IASB published International Tax Reform Pillar Model Rules Amendments to IAS in May . The MercedesBenz Group applies the exception rule according to IAS which stipulates that no deferred tax assets and liabilities are accounted for in connection with the income taxes of the second pillar Pillar of the OECD. In May the IASB published the standard IFRS Insurance Contracts. IFRS establishes more transparency and comparability with regard to the recognition measurement presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts with the insurer. The application of IFRS is mandatory for reporting periods beginning on or after January . The firsttime application of IFRS had no impact on the profitability liquidity and capital resources and financial position of the MercedesBenz Group. In addition other standards and interpretations were published which are not expected to have any significant impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. Presentation Presentation in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position differentiates between current and noncurrent assets and liabilities. Assets and liabilities are generally classified as current if they are expected to be realized or settled within one year. Deferred tax assets and liabilities as well as assets and provisions for pensions and similar obligations are presented as noncurrent items. The Consolidated Statement of Income is presented using the costofsales method. Principles of consolidation The Consolidated Financial Statements include the financial statements of MercedesBenz Group AG and the financial statements of all subsidiaries including structured entities which are directly or indirectly controlled by MercedesBenz Group AG. Control exists if the parent company has the power of decision over a subsidiary based on voting rights or other rights if it participates in positive and negative variable returns from a subsidiary and if it can affect these returns by its power of decision.Structured entities are entities which have been designed so that voting or similar rights are not relevant in deciding who controls the entity. This is the case for example if voting rights relate to administrative tasks only and the relevant activities are directed by means of contractual arrangements. The financial statements of consolidated subsidiaries which are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements are generally prepared as of the reporting date of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The financial statements of MercedesBenz Group AG and its companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared using uniform recognition and measurement principles. IntraGroup assets and liabilities equity income and expenses as well as cash flows from transactions between consolidated entities are eliminated in the course of the consolidation process. Business combinations and changes in equity interestsBusiness combinations are accounted for using the purchase method. In connection with obtaining control noncontrolling interest in the acquiree is in principle recognized at the proportionate share of the acquirees identifiable assets which are measured at fair value. Changes in equity interests in subsidiaries that reduce or increase the MercedesBenz Groups percentage ownership without a change of control are accounted for as equity transactions between owners. If the Group 

Score 0.42
	The Code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution. Climate change mitigation CCM climate change adaptation CCA water and marine resources WTR circular economy CE pollution prevention and control PPC biodiversity and ecosystems BIO.	 The key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report.	 Description Y Yes Taxonomyeligible and Taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective N No Taxonomyeligible but not Taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective NEL Not eligible Taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. 	 Description EL Eligible Taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective NEL Not eligible Taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. 	 A breakdown of the DNSH criteria has not been provided here as activities may only be designated as Taxonomyaligned when any significant effect on the other environmental objectives has been ruled out.

Score 0.42
Derivation of net assets of the automotive segmentsMercedesBenz CarsMercedesBenz VansAt DecemberAt DecemberIn millions of eurosIntangible assetsProperty plant and equipmentInventoriesTrade receivablesOther segment assetsSegment assets	 thereof assets held for saleTrade payablesOther segment liabilitiesSegment liabilities	 thereof liabilities held for saleNet assets

Score 0.419
Annual Report MercedesBenz GroupThe Group tax strategy drawn up by the Board of Management of MercedesBenz Group AG defines the framework of action here and this strategy is further specified and implemented by means of organizational and contentrelated policies guidelines and instructions. The tax strategy is regularly reviewed for appropriate adjustments.The tax policies define the responsibilities tasks and obligations of those individuals in the Group who deal with tax issues and also contain specific provisions for ensuring that legal requirements are met. Management is kept informed about relevant tax issues by means of monthly reports and regular communications as well as when required. Moreover it is involved in compliance processes	 Regular communication between CFO and Head of Taxes	 Regular information to the Supervisory Board on risks and opportunities as well as current regulatory issuesThe Code of Conduct stipulates that all intentional violations of external andor internal tax guidelines must be reported and investigated. The same applies to any failure to make corrections to procedures performed in an erroneous manner as outlined in our internally valid Treatment of Violations Policy. Further information can be found in the Integrity and Compliance chapter.The MercedesBenz Group has established a Tax Compliance Management System Tax CMS in order to ensure effective tax compliance throughout the Group. The Tax CMS is a separate subunit of the general intraGroup Compliance Management System. The Tax CMS also operates an active taxrisk management system that is consistently applied throughout the Group in order to monitor and check whether tax obligations are being fulfilled and also to support those responsible for ensuring such fulfilment. Another goal here is to identify and reduce tax risks at the Group and thus the associated personal risks that may be faced by the employees active in this area. The system includes numerous measures  for example continuous monitoring of tax risks and the incorporation of tax risk issues into the internal control system and the Groupwide risk management process in line with the companys risk management policy. Based on the Code of Conduct the MercedesBenz Group did not become aware of any material violations during the reporting year.Sustainability in the supply chainThe MercedesBenz Group is committed to the responsible procurement of production materials nonproduction materials and services. The Group has incorporated the guidelines for sustainable supply chain management into the Responsible Sourcing Standards RSS. These are contractually stipulated with direct suppliers and are applied worldwide. The goal here is to prevent minimize or if possible put a stop to any negative effects on human rights worldwide. The RSS define the minimum requirements for suppliers. They are already used as a basis for the tendering process for suppliers of production materials. The RSS require direct suppliers to communicate the RSS provisions to their own employees and to their direct suppliers and ensure that the RSS are complied with in their business processes and in the areas in which they exert an influence. Suppliers are to conserve natural resources and avoid environmental damage repair any damage that does occur and compensate for such damage that cannot be avoided or repaired.Measures in the supply chainThe MercedesBenz Group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain. This includes training preventive and corrective measures risk analyses documentation for tracking and reporting purposes and effectiveness checks. The MercedesBenz Group uses these tools in order to increase the transparency of the supply chain and ensures that the internationally recognized human rights are upheld by business partners as well and that other social standards and environmental requirements are met. The procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here. Further information in the chapters Social Compliance and Environmental Issues.

Score 0.419
 Including the part of the gross carrying amount that was reclassified to the Assets held for sale item of the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. 

Score 0.418
Provisions for liability and litigation risks and regulatory proceedings comprise costs for various legal proceedings claims and governmental investigations which can lead in particular to payments of compensation punitive damages or other costly actions. They primarily include risks from litigation and regulatory proceedings in relation to MercedesBenz diesel vehicles. The cash outflows in relation to noncurrent provisions are primarily expected within a period until . Further information on liability and litigation risks and regulatory proceedings is provided in Note . 

Score 0.417
Name of the companyDomicile countryregionEquity interest inpercentFootnoteMercedesBenz Research Development North America Inc. Wilmington USA . MercedesBenz Retail Group UK Limited Milton Keynes United Kingdom . MercedesBenz Retail Receivables LLC Farmington Hills USA . MercedesBenz Retail Unipessoal Lda. Mem Martins Portugal . MercedesBenz Roma S.p.A. Rome Italy . MercedesBenz Romania S.R.L. Bucharest Romania . MercedesBenz Schweiz AG Schlieren Switzerland . MercedesBenz Service Leasing S.R.L. Bucharest Romania . MercedesBenz Services Correduria de Seguros S.A. Alcobendas Spain . MercedesBenz Services Malaysia Sdn Bhd Selangor Malaysia . MercedesBenz Sigorta Aracilik Hizmetleri A.S. Istanbul Turkey . MercedesBenz Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Singapore . MercedesBenz Sosnowiec Sp. z o.o. Sosnowiec Poland . MercedesBenz South Africa Ltd Pretoria South Africa . MercedesBenz Sverige AB Malmö Sweden . MercedesBenz Taiwan Ltd. Taipei Taiwan China . MercedesBenz Trust Holdings LLC Farmington Hills USA . MercedesBenz Trust Leasing Conduit LLC Wilmington USA . MercedesBenz Trust Leasing LLC Farmington Hills USA . MercedesBenz U.S. International Inc. Vance USA . MercedesBenz Ubezpieczenia Sp. z o.o. Warsaw Poland . MercedesBenz USA LLC Wilmington USA . MercedesBenz Vans Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong China . MercedesBenz Vans UK Limited Milton Keynes United Kingdom . MercedesBenz Vans LLC Wilmington USA . MercedesBenz Vermögens und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH Stuttgart Germany . MercedesBenz Versicherung AG Stuttgart Germany . MercedesBenz Versicherungsservice GmbH Berlin Germany . MercedesBenz Verwaltungsgesellschaft für Grundbesitz mbH Schönefeld Germany . MercedesBenz Vietnam Ltd. Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam . MercedesBenz Warszawa Sp. z o.o. Warsaw Poland . MercedesBenz Wholesale Receivables LLC Wilmington USA . Movinx Americas Company Inc. Schaumburg USA . Movinx GmbH Berlin Germany . Movinx UK Ltd. London United Kingdom . Multifleet G.I.E. Le Bourget France . Silver Arrow Athlon NL Utrecht Netherlands . Silver Arrow Australia Melbourne Australia . 

Score 0.417
 totalled units. Sales of the BClass amounted to vehicles. The GLB

Score 0.416
Annual Report MercedesBenz GroupEquipment on operating leases and receivables from financial services rose to a total of . billion . billion due to the increase in sales financing mainly in North America. The increase adjusted for currency translation effects was . billion. At the leasing and salesfinancing business as a proportion of total assets was at prior year level. Equitymethod investments decreased to . billion . billion. Investments accounted for using the equity method comprise in particular the carrying amounts of our investments in Daimler Truck Holding AG and Beijing Benz Automotive Co. Ltd. Inventories increased from . billion to . billion. As a result the share of total assets remains at the prior year level of . The increase relates in particular to finished goods spare parts and products held for resale at . billion as a result of the introduction of the direct sales model in additional markets and model yearrelated production rampups. Furthermore the finished goods include highervalue vehicles on average.At . billion trade receivables were lower than the prioryearfigure of . billion. Compared to December cash and cash equivalents decreased by . billion to . billion. Marketable debt securities and similar investmentsdecreased compared with December from . billion to . billion as part of the liquidity management. Those assets include the debt instruments that are allocated to liquidity most of which are traded in active markets. They generally have an external rating of A or better.Other financial assets of . billion were at the prioryear level. They consist primarily of derivative financial instruments equity and debt instruments shares in nonconsolidated subsidiaries and loans and other receivables from third parties.The other assets of . billion . billion particularly include deferred taxes and tax refund claims. In connection with the planned disposal of sales companies in other European countries the Group is showing assets held for sale of . billion and liabilities held for sale of . billion as of December .Equity and liabilitiesCompared to December the Groups equityincreased from . billion to . billion mainly as a result of the positive earnings development. Additionally gains of . billion are recognized directly in equity from the measurement of derivative financial instruments after tax. An opposing effect arose from the dividend of . billion paid to the shareholders of MercedesBenz Group AG and the aquisition of treasury shares of . billion as part of the share buyback programme. Equity attributable to the shareholders of MercedesBenz Group AG increased accordingly to . billion . billion. Whereas the balance sheet total remained at the prioryear level equity increased by compared with the previous year. The Groups equity ratio of . was accordingly above the level at the end of . the equity ratio for the industrial business was . .. It is necessary to take into account the fact that the equity ratios at the end of and have been adjusted for the paid and proposed dividend payments respectively. 

Score 0.414
Please refer with regard to the accounting policies applied to the notes to the consolidated financial statements in Note  Accounting estimates and management judgements. Further information on allowances on receivables from financial services can be found in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in Note Significant Accounting Policies in Note Receivables from financial services in Note Management of financial risks and in the combined management report in the section entitled Financial risks and opportunities.The risk for the consolidated financial statementsReceivables from financial services   million resulting from the Groups financing and leasing activities include receivables from sales financing with customers receivables from sales financing with dealers and receivables from finance lease contracts. The loss allowances on these receivables amounted at the reporting date to   million.The calculation of the loss allowances is based on expected credit losses and therefore also includes expectations regarding the future. Recognition of the expected credit losses is carried out by means of a threeparameter procedure for the determination of loss allowances. At the same time various factors determining the value such as the determination of statistical default probabilities and loss rates the possible amount receivable on default the parameter transfer criteria that are related to a significant change in the default risk of borrowers and the calculation of future cash flows. Furthermore macroeconomic scenarios basis scenarios optimistic and pessimistic scenarios flow into the calculation the identification of which to a high degree includes discretionary judgements and uncertainties. The risk for the financial statements is that the creditworthiness of customers and future cash flows is misjudged or that the calculation of the risk provision parameters is incorrect so that loss allowances are not recognised or are insufficient.Our audit approachWe obtained a comprehensive understanding of the development of the portfolios the associated counterparty default risks and the processes for identifying managing monitoring and measuring credit risks by inspecting analyses and risk reports interrogations review of guidelines and working instructions checking the defined methods and their implementation and checking and walking through the validation process and the individual validation reports.We audited the appropriateness and effectiveness of the internal control system in relation to the risk models as well as the determination of the valuedetermining factors and the valuation allowances also in part through recalculation. We also assessed the relevant IT systems and internal processes. In addition to the correctness of the relevant IT systems and associated interfaces to ensure the completeness and accuracy of the data using our IT special lists the audit also 

Score 0.414
st line Operational unitsnd line Governance functionsrd line Independent audit 

Score 0.414
Capital reserveRetained earningsDistributable profitEquityProvisions for pensions and similarobligationsOther provisionsProvisionsTradepayablesOther liabilitiesLiabilitiesDeferred incomeTotal equity and liabilities

Score 0.414
	 Commodityprice risks and opportunities were reported in the Procurement market risks and opportunities category as of December .	 The classification of legal risks and tax risks and opportunities is shown in the table for the first time as of December .

Score 0.414
Inventories

Score 0.413
The development of equipment on operating leases is shown in the table Equipment on operating leases. The carrying amount of the equipment on operating leases includes leased rightofuse assets from recognized head leases with the Daimler Truck Group of . billion . billion. The revenue received from the sale of Group products to external dealers is estimated by the Group as being of the magnitude of the respective addition to leased equipment at MercedesBenz Mobility. These vehicles generate revenue from lease payments and subsequent resale on the basis of the separate leasing contracts. In additions to leased equipment from these vehicles at MercedesBenz Mobility amounted to approximately billion approximately billion. At December equipment on operating leases with a carrying amount of million was pledged as security for liabilities from ABS transactions million. These liabilities related to a securitization transaction of future lease payments on leased vehicles see also Note .

Score 0.413
	The Code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution. Climate change mitigation CCM climate change adaptation CCA water and marine resources WTR circular economy CE pollution prevention and control PPC biodiversity and ecosystems BIO.	 The key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report. An exception to this is the total total A B which was audited with reasonable assurance as a Group key figure.	 Description Y Yes Taxonomyeligible and Taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective N No Taxonomyeligible but not Taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective NEL Not eligible Taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. 	 Description EL Eligible Taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective NEL Not eligible Taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. 	 A breakdown of the DNSH criteria has not been provided here as activities may only be designated as Taxonomyaligned when any significant effect on the other environmental objectives has been ruled out.

Score 0.412
MercedesBenz CarsUnit salesAt the prioryear level vehicles At the prioryear levelRevenueAt the prioryear level million At the prioryear levelAdjusted return on sales.Adjusted cash conversion rate...Investments in property plant and equipmentSignificantly above the prioryear level million At the prioryear levelResearch and development expenditureSlightly above the prioryear levelQ Significantly above the prioryear level million Significantly above the prioryear levelMercedesBenz VansUnit salesAt the prioryear levelQ Slightly above the prioryear levelQ Significantly above the prioryear level vehicles Significantly above the prioryear levelRevenueSlightly above the prioryear levelQ Significantly above the prioryear level million Significantly above the prioryear levelAdjusted return on salesQ Q .Adjusted cash conversion rate..Q ..Q ...Investments in property plant and equipmentSignificantly above the prioryear level million Significantly above the prioryear levelResearch and development expenditureSignificantly above the prioryear level million Significantly above the prioryear levelMercedesBenz MobilityNew businessSlightly above the prioryear level million Slightly above the prioryear levelContract volumeSlightly below the prioryear levelQ At the prioryear level million Slightly above the prioryear levelRevenueSignificantly below the prioryear levelQ Slightly below the prioryear levelQ At the prioryear level million At the prioryear levelAdjusted return on equity.

Score 0.412
Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities In millions of euros Cash flows Change of control in subsidiaries Changes in foreign exchangerates Fair value changes Other changes 

Score 0.412
The MercedesBenz Group issues various types of product warranties under which it generally guarantees the performance of products delivered and services rendered for a certain period. The provision for these product warranties covers expected costs for legal and contractual warranty claims as well as expected costs for goodwill concessions and recall campaigns. This also includes measures relating to MercedesBenz diesel vehicles in various regions as well as recalls in particular for an extended recall of Takata airbags. The utilization date of product warranties depends on the incidence of the warranty claims and can span the entire term of the product warranties and the goodwill period. The cash outflows in relation to noncurrent provisions are primarily expected within a period until . 

Score 0.41
TargetTarget horizonDefine and implement protective measures for of the MercedesBenz Groups production raw materials which pose an increased risk of human rights violationsMilestone Assessment of of all production raw materials used by the MercedesBenz Group with an increased risk of human rights violations and definition of necessary improvement measuresMilestone Assessment of of all production raw materials used by the MercedesBenz Group with an increased risk of human rights violations and definition of necessary improvement measuresTarget achievedReview of of product groups sourced from service supply chains posing an increased risk of human rights violations

Score 0.41
Minimum safeguardsProportion of Taxonomyaligned A. or Taxonomyeligible A. Capital expenditure Category enabling activityCategory transitional activity in millions of eurosin Y N NEL