Scores_c_MANUFACTURINGScore 0.525
Annual Report MercedesBenz GroupTransition to a circular economy With regard to economic activity . the EU Taxonomy Regulation requires an assessment and if possible the application of measures that promote the transition to a circular economy including the use of secondary materials high durability of products and waste management in production. When developing products the MercedesBenz Group considers the concept of circular economy from the very start and has set itself the overarching goal of increasing its use of secondary materials in vehicles. In addition the DNSH criteria for economic activity . are taken into account through the implementation of the legal requirements on recyclability and reusability for passenger car models and light commercial vehicles.The MercedesBenz Group is intensifying its efforts to use lower volumes of raw materials and other materials in its production operations. In accordance with the waste hierarchy the companys primary goal is to avoid waste. For its own production sites worldwide the MercedesBenz Group has set reduction targets for factors such as total waste volume and waste volume for disposal per vehicle. Waste management is also a component of the Groups internal environmental risk assessment.For economic activity . the applicable DNSH criteria were analysed and checked for adherence. This includes the verification of the recycling or disposal of waste generated during construction and demolition.Pollution prevention and control With regard to the DNSH criteria for economic activity . under Appendix C Annex I of the delegated act of the EU Delegated Regulation EU the Taxonomy Regulation refers to the concept of avoiding the manufacturing placing on the market or use of restricted and reportable substances subject to current European legislation on chemicals. The implementation of internal processes for specification approval and control is intended to ensure compliance with European regulations according to Appendix C and respective national legislations. The Global Automotive Declarable Substance List GADSL forms the basis for the prohibition and declaration requirement of substances in MercedesBenz products. The MercedesBenz Group also defines specifications for substitution analyses and thus for the use of less critical hazardous substances. With regard to economic activity . the DNSH criteria refer to compliance with various productrelated European regulations and directives. As a result allelectric vehicles are currently considered in the Taxonomyaligned scopes of economic activity ..In due consideration of the applicable legislation and of a Notice C published by the EU Commission on October only tyres corresponding to the two highest classes for rolling resistance coefficients available on the market and at the same time the highest class for external rolling noise available on the market fulfil DNSH requirements for the respective vehicles. For the assessment of the respective classes available on the market the data of the European Product Database for Energy Labelling EPREL shall be used. The time of market placement of the vehicles in the leasing and financing portfolio was used for the analysis and a percentage share of the vehicles with the respective highest tyre classes according to EPREL was determined on the basis of a representative time period. This proportion is applied to the leasing and financing portfolio of allelectric vehicles worldwide wherever the corresponding data is available.For economic activity . the applicable requirements from the Taxonomy Regulation on noise vibration dust and pollutants must be complied with.Protection and restorationof biodiversity and ecosystems To demonstrate the requirements for economic activity . ecologically sensitive or protected areas in the neighbourhood of sites are documented and taken into account as part of the internal environmental risk assessment environmental due diligence process. Furthermore environmental impact assessments or comparable audits outside the EU are carried out in the context of a new site or the extension of an existing site if legally required. In addition the Group has established environmental management systems in accordance with ISO at its production sites.During the reporting year an environmental impact assessment was not required for the charging infrastructure economic activity . that was put into operation. Furthermore the locally applicable 

Score 0.514
building renovation measures and certain maintenance and repair expenses basically labour and material costs as well as purchased services relating to property plant and equipment are included. These components of the relevant operating expenditures were collected exclusively from the manufacturing companies on the basis of materiality considerations.In a manner similar to the approach taken for capital expenditure the relevant operating expenditures were also examined here for the determination of the numerator on the basis of the materiality considerations mentioned above to determine whether they are related to the manufacture of vehicles. This applies to the operating expenditure described.

Score 0.514
Taxonomyeligibility is assessed in an initial step. For an economic activity to be Taxonomyeligible that activity must be mentioned and explained in further detail in the delegated acts for the Taxonomy Regulation. The EU delegated acts Commission Delegated Regulation EU and its supplement Commission Delegated Regulation EU which was adopted by the European Commission in June contain descriptions of relevant economic activities and technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation. The supplement to the delegated regulation includes new technical screening criteria that refer to both the existing economic activities and to new economic activities. Furthermore a new EU delegated act Commission Delegated Regulation EU containing economic activities and technical screening criteria relevant for the remaining environmental objectives was published in . The economic activities relevant to the MercedesBenz Group in this context are to be found under the environmental objectives climate change mitigation climate change adaptation and transition to a circular economy. On the basis of the descriptions contained in the delegated acts relating to climate change mitigation the following Taxonomyeligible economic activities have been identified for the Group	 Economic activity . encompasses manufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transport in connection with the production of cars and vans	 Economic activity . encompasses leasing and financing of lowcarbon cars and vans	 Economic activity . encompasses leasing and financing of lowcarbon commercial vehicles	 Economic activity . encompasses infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport charging infrastructureIn a Commission Notice C published by the European Commission on October the Commission stated that the term lowcarbon only relates to the assessment of Taxonomyalignment within the framework of the technical screening criteria and is not relevant for reporting on the Taxonomyeligible economic activity .. With regard to car manufacturer in particular and as an example the document shows that the activity manufacture of lowcarbon vehicles also includes vehicles with combustion engines. For the MercedesBenz Group this clarification by the European Commission means that the manufacture of all Group vehicles is to be classified as Taxonomyeligible.

Score 0.51
In a further step Taxonomyalignment must be assessed for Taxonomyeligible economic activities. Only Taxonomyeligible activities can be considered as environmentally sustainable activities or as being Taxonomyaligned provided they meet certain technical screening criteria. Here the fulfilment of certain technical screening criteria with regard to the relevant economic activities must make a substantial contribution to an environmental objective defined by the Taxonomy Regulation and on the basis of defined do no significant harm criteria DNSH criteria also exclude the possibility of significant interference with another environmental objective. It must also be ensured that minimum standards are met with regard to issues such as upholding human rights or combating corruption minimum safeguards.Fulfilment of a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigationAccording to the delegated act all vehicles below the current limit value of g CO

Score 0.51
Manufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transportCCM .ELNELNELNELNELNELOperating expenditure of Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not Taxonomyaligned activities A.A. Operating expenditure of Taxonomyeligible activities A. A.B. TAXONOMY NONELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES Operating expenditure of Taxonomy noneligible activitiesTotal A B

Score 0.487
 emissions in production Scope and Scope from thousand tons in to thousand tons in the year under review

Score 0.486
Property plant and equipmentLand land rights and buildings including buildings on land owned by others thereof rightofuse assets from leasing Technical equipment and machinery thereof rightofuse assets from leasing Other equipment factory and office equipment thereof rightofuse assets from leasing Advance payments and construction in progress Total thereof rightofuse assets from leasing In millions of euros Acquisitionmanufacturing costsBalance at January Additions Reclassifications Disposals Other changes Balance at December Additions Reclassifications DisposalsOther changesBalance at December DepreciationimpairmentBalance at January Additions Reclassifications Disposals Other changes Balance at December Additions DisposalsOther changesBalance at December Carrying amount at December Carrying amount at December 

Score 0.476
 operation of zeroemissions road transport.The economic activities in specific energy sectors contained in the supplement to the delegated act relating to the climate goals are only present to an immaterial extent at the MercedesBenz Group and are performed exclusively in support of carrying out economic activity ..The economic activities contained in the delegated acts relating to climate change adaptation are only present to an immaterial extent at the MercedesBenz Group and are reported exclusively under the environmental objective climate change mitigation. The Taxonomyeligible economic activity . that encompasses the sale of secondhand goods which are purchased by the MercedesBenz Group from third parties was identified on the basis of the descriptions in the delegated act relating to the transition to a circular economy. For the reporting year simplified reporting obligations apply for economic activities newly introduced by the delegated acts. These stipulate that only reporting in relation to Taxonomyeligibility is required. The MercedesBenz Group reports economic activity . as Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable. An assessment of Taxonomyalignment has not been carried out.The individual economic activities are additionally to be classified according to enabling activities and transitional activities. An enabling activity is an economic activity that makes a substantial contribution to one or more environmental objectives by directly enabling further activities to also make a substantial contribution. At the MercedesBenz Group this mostly applies to the economic activities . and .. A transitional activity in contrast is an economic activity for which there is no technological and economically feasible lowcarbon alternative but which makes a substantial contribution to climate change mitigation by supporting the transition to a climateneutral economy.

Score 0.469
 emissions in production scope 

Score 0.467
 emissions waste volumes and water consumption in production chapter Environmental concerns	 	 accident frequency at production sites chapter Employee matters

Score 0.465
The supply chain also plays an important role in efforts to conserve resources. The MercedesBenz Group wants to decouple resource consumption from economic growth. To achieve this goal it is relying on the support of its suppliers. With their help the Group wants to continuously increase the proportion of secondary and renewable materials in its vehicles. Plastics steel and aluminium have been identified as particularly important such materials in MercedesBenz vehicles. We need large volumes of these materials for the production of our vehicles and their extraction and processing also consume large amounts of energy and resources. Plastics and recyclates throughout their entire life cycles vehicles from the MercedesBenz brand are in future to be more environmentally friendly and less resourceintensive than before. The cornerstones of this approach involve the use of recyclates and lightweight materials as well as recyclability. MercedesBenz Group requirement specifications already define a minimum proportion of recycled material for each component in new MercedesBenz cars. This proportion varies depending on the vehicle model and series in question. As part of its sustainable business strategy the MercedesBenz Group also relies on the use of natural fibres and textiles as a means of replacing conventional plastics with renewable raw materials.Steel The use of secondary materials such as steel scrap can reduce primary resource requirements in line with a circular economy. For example MercedesBenz AG and its partner therefore ensure the recycling of scrap steel from the MercedesBenz Cars plant in Sindelfingen Germany.Aluminium MercedesBenz Cars and MercedesBenz Vans already use recycled materials including recycled aluminium in numerous seriesproduction vehicles. Aluminium is a light metal that can be recycled without any loss of quality and the recycling process for aluminium uses less energy than would be required to produce new aluminium. In order to continue increasing its use of recycled materials MercedesBenz AG is working with its suppliers to develop aluminium alloys with high endoflife scrap potential from old vehicles or packaging for example. In addition by amending existing supply agreements MercedesBenz AG and its suppliers continued to work on the decarbonization of the aluminium supply chain for all of their production operations in Europe. At least one third of the primary aluminium that will be used for new electric models in Europe is to be produced using energy from renewable sources.In secondary material targets were defined for MercedesBenz Cars and MercedesBenz Vans and these were then firmly incorporated into the requirements for contract awards. In the reporting year the Company carried out a model seriesspecific analysis at component level in order to realize further potential for increasing secondary materials. Project milestones and the status of projects with regard to the use of secondary materials are presented on a quarterly basis in the executive bodies for the various model series. The responsible member of the Board of Management of MercedesBenz Cars and the responsible executive management team member of MercedesBenz Vans are also provided with information on a regular basis within the framework of the activities of a committee that manages strategic sustainability matters. With its Responsible Sourcing Standards the MercedesBenz Group has also defined other environmental requirements in its supplier agreements. Further information can be found in the Sustainability in the supply chain section.Suppliers of production materials to MercedesBenz Cars and MercedesBenz Vans are expected to operate with an environmental management system that is certified according to ISO or EMAS. Depending on the specific risks this also applies to suppliers of nonproduction materials and services.MercedesBenz Cars and MercedesBenz Vans are also cooperating with organizations such as CDP formerly Carbon Disclosure Project so that they can depict the environmental impact of their supply chains even more transparently. The suppliers have been reporting on their 

Score 0.463
Manufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transportCCM .ELELNELNELNELNELTransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehiclesCCM .ELNELNELNELNELNELCapital expenditure of Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not Taxonomyaligned activities A.A. Capital expenditure of Taxonomyeligible activities A. A. B. TAXONOMY NONELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES Capital expenditure of Taxonomy noneligible activities Total A B

Score 0.459
Annual Report MercedesBenz GroupIn the reporting year the MercedesBenz Group was able to complete of the process of reviewing all raw materials thus achieving its target for . The achievement describes the progress in the overall process of assessing all raw materials which includes fully complete and partially complete assessments. The MercedesBenz Group also carefully checks the services it uses. Services that are particularly critical from a human rights perspective were identified as part of an impact assessment. The analysis resulted in a list of services that are potentially critical in terms of human rights. We regularly conduct such risk mapping in order to address current developments and adapt our risk classification if necessary. The main human rights risks for the identified services are then determined on a stepbystep and supply chainspecific basis and appropriate measures are defined.Requirements for suppliersThe MercedesBenz Group is committed to the responsible procurement of production materials nonproduction materials and services. The Group has incorporated the guidelines for sustainable supply chain management into the Responsible Sourcing Standards RSS. They define minimum requirements and expectations for direct suppliers and contractually oblige them to comply with these requirements to communicate them to their employees and upstream stages of the value chain and to monitor compliance with them in their business processes and sphere of influence.The goal here is to prevent minimize or if possible bring to an end any negative impacts on human rights worldwide. The RSS are an integral part of all new orders for Tier suppliers and the key contractual document for minimum and sustainability requirements. They are applied worldwide.Measures in the supply chainThe MercedesBenz Group uses a variety of measures and concepts to ensure the fulfilment of its due diligence obligations in the supply chain. This includes training preventive and corrective measures risk analyses documentation for tracking and reporting purposes and effectiveness checks. With these instruments the MercedesBenz Group intends to increase transparency in the supply chain and to ensure that internationally recognized human rights are upheld by business partners as well and that other social standards and environmental requirements are met. The procurement units for production materials nonproduction materials and services play a key role here.In addition Tier suppliers were continuously screened for human rights violations and breaches of environmental standards in the reporting year. The objective is to identify possible violations at an early stage on the basis of the latest supplier data. Should there be any indication revealed the responsible procurement department initiates an extensive examination of the situation. The MercedesBenz Group also continued to conduct audits at Tier suppliers in when it made onsite inspections. Among other things anomalies were detected with regard to working hours the communication of our sustainability standards and business ethics.If onsite inspections reveal deficiencies at a supplier the MercedesBenz Group calls on the supplier to improve the relevant processes. If the supplier does not sufficiently remedy the criticised processes the Group makes individual decisions regarding the next steps. In especially severe cases these decisions can be made by management bodies. As a last resort this can also lead to the discontinuation of the MercedesBenz Groups business relationship with a supplier.Raising awareness of human rights issues The Integrity Code and the Principles of Social Responsibility and Human Rights are binding for all employees of the MercedesBenz Group as well as the consolidated Group companies. Both are the subject of the mandatory basic online module IntegrityWork which also covers topics related to integrity and compliance and must be completed every three years by all employees of the administration of MercedesBenz Group AG as well as the consolidated Group companies. In human rights compliance training was also introduced for all managers of MercedesBenz Group AG and consolidated Group companies 

Score 0.455
 emissions are also reported under intangible assets. These certificates and rights are stated at acquisition cost. Derecognition occurs at the time the certificates or rights are returned or upon sale or expiration. Obligations to surrender emission allowances are recognized as provisions valued at the acquisition costs of emission allowances that have already been purchased. Any excess obligation that may exist is valued at the market value of the emission allowances still to be acquired. Property plant and equipment Property plant and equipment are measured at acquisition or manufacturing costs less accumulated depreciation. If necessary accumulated impairment losses are recognized. The costs of internally produced equipment and facilities include all direct costs and allocable overheads. Acquisition or manufacturing costs include the estimated costs if any of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site as well as borrowing costs. Depreciable property plant and equipment are written down by scheduled depreciation over the corresponding useful life generally on a straightline basis. The useful lives of property plant and equipment are shown in the following table. 

Score 0.453
YNYNin ETA. TAXONOMYELIGIBLE ACTIVITIESA. Environmentally sustainable activities TaxonomyalignedManufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transportCCM .YNELNELNELNELNELYYEOperating expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned A.YYof which enabling activity YYEof which transitional activityTA. Taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not Taxonomyaligned activitiesEL NEL

Score 0.453
	The Code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution. Climate change mitigation CCM climate change adaptation CCA water and marine resources WTR circular economy CE pollution prevention and control PPC biodiversity and ecosystems BIO.	 The key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report.	 Description Y Yes Taxonomyeligible and Taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective N No Taxonomyeligible but not Taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective NEL Not eligible Taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. 	 Description EL Eligible Taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective NEL Not eligible Taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. 	 A breakdown of the DNSH criteria has not been provided here as activities may only be designated as Taxonomyaligned when any significant effect on the other environmental objectives has been ruled out.

Score 0.452
 emissions in production Scope and Scope in t

Score 0.45
	The Code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant environmental objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution. Climate change mitigation CCM climate change adaptation CCA water and marine resources WTR circular economy CE pollution prevention and control PPC biodiversity and ecosystems BIO.	 The key figures were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report. An exception to this is the total total A B which was audited with reasonable assurance as a Group key figure.	 Description Y Yes Taxonomyeligible and Taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective N No Taxonomyeligible but not Taxonomyaligned activity with the relevant environmental objective NEL Not eligible Taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. 	 Description EL Eligible Taxonomyeligible activity for the relevant objective NEL Not eligible Taxonomy noneligible activity for the relevant environmental objective. 	 A breakdown of the DNSH criteria has not been provided here as activities may only be designated as Taxonomyaligned when any significant effect on the other environmental objectives has been ruled out.

Score 0.448
 compared to the previous year.Less wasteThe goal of the MercedesBenz Group is to keep the waste volumes generated in its production operations as low as possible. To this end the Group seeks to continuously reduce overall waste including waste for disposal. As it does so the MercedesBenz Groups top priority is to prevent waste.In order to reduce total waste it is important to ensure transparency concerning the waste value streams and to correctly separate the various types of waste. The MercedesBenz Group generally works with licensed and regularly certified waste disposal companies to ensure the professional disposal of our waste materials in accordance with legal requirements. Furthermore it continues to reduce waste such as clippings sands filter media and slurries through the implementation of new or optimized production processes. The MercedesBenz Group also works with some suppliers in order to avoid waste. For example load carriers and the materials used for securing loads and cargo are now where possible reused in a closed cycle as are steel barrels e.g. for thermal conductive paste adhesives and lubricants.In the reporting year MercedesBenz Cars reduced the total amount of waste per vehicle by 

Score 0.447
EU taxonomyThe EU Taxonomy Regulation and the adopted delegated acts along with the supplementary interpretation documents of the European Commission contain formulations and terms that are still subject to considerable uncertainties and for which clarifications have not yet been published in all cases. Among others this refers to the interpretation of the classification of economic activities the donosignificantharm criteria and the assessment of the economic substance of financial investments. On account of the immanent risk that certain abstract legal terms can be interpreted in various ways the conformity of the interpretation with the law is subject to uncertainty.Components of the Combined Management Report not audited for contentInsofar as the references made in the Management Report relate to parts of the Annual Report that were not included in the external audit components outside the company and Consolidated Financial Statements and the Combined Management Report or to the MercedesBenz Group website or other reports or documents these were not part of the external audit.The disclosures on the appropriateness and effectiveness of the internal control and risk management system in the Risk and Opportunity Report chapter which are not part of the Management Report were also not included in the audit of the financial statements. Key figures that were audited in order to obtain limited assurance as part of a separate assurance engagement of the sustainability report are indicated by a footnote.

Score 0.446
One of the important goals of the Commission Action Plan on Financing Sustainable Growth in the context of the European Green Deal is to divert capital flows to sustainable investments. This is also the logic behind the EU Taxonomy Regulation EU that came into force in mid. This regulation governs the establishment of a standardized and legally binding classification system that defines the types of economic activity in the EU that are considered to be Taxonomyaligned and thus environmentally sustainable with regard to six environmental objectives established by the regulation 	 Climate change mitigation	 Climate change adaptation	 Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources	 Transition to a circular economy	 Pollution prevention and control	 Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystemsCompanies that are required to publish a NonFinancial Declaration must also comply with the Taxonomy Regulation. According to Article of the Taxonomy Regulation the Taxonomyaligned proportions of revenue capital expenditure and operating expenditure accounted for by environmentally sustainable economic activities are to be reported on an annual basis. 

Score 0.436
Taxonomyeligibility of operating expenditure For the share of Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure under A. in the table Operating expenditure the Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure is considered in relation to the relevant operating expenditure of the Group.The operating expenditures to be taken into account in the denominator correspond to a figure that was exclusively calculated within the framework of taxonomy reporting as they are elements of the individual functional costs. These operating expenditures include noncapitalized research and development costs and costs arising from shortterm leasing agreements. In addition according to the delegated act relating to Article of the Taxonomy Regulation expenditure from 

Score 0.432
InventoriesAt December In millions of euros Raw materials and manufacturing supplies Work in progress Finished goods spare parts and products held for resale Advance payments to suppliers 

Score 0.431
. Property plant and equipment 

Score 0.43
Annual Report MercedesBenz GroupThe following table shows the scope of the Taxonomyeligibility and the Taxonomyalignment for the operating expenditure by environmental objective

Score 0.43
 the inspection of highrisk production materials and measures for ensuring diversity and inclusion. The variable remuneration components also continue to include nonfinancial targets relating to customers employees and integrity. Further information 

Score 0.428
In the case of manufactured inventories and work in progress manufacturing cost also includes production overheads based on normal capacity. Financial instruments A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity. Financial instruments in the form of financial assets and financial liabilities are generally presented separately. Financial instruments are recognized as soon as the MercedesBenz Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. In the case of purchases or sales of financial assets through the regular market the MercedesBenz Group uses the transaction date as the date of initial recognition or derecognition. Upon initial recognition financial instruments are measured at fair value. For the purpose of subsequent measurement financial instruments are allocated to one of the categories mentioned in IFRS Financial Instruments financial assets measured at amortized cost financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss. Transaction costs directly attributable to acquisition or issuance are considered when determining the carrying amount if the financial instruments are not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Financial assets Financial assets primarily comprise receivables from financial services trade receivables receivables from banks cash on hand derivative financial assets marketable securities and similar investments and financial investments. The classification of financial instruments is based on the business model in which these instruments are held and on their contractual cash flows. The determination of the business model is carried out at the portfolio level and is based on managements intention and past transaction patterns. Assessments of the contractual cash flows are made on an instrumentbyinstrument basis. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets with cash flows other than those of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding. Furthermore financial assets that are held in a business model other than hold to collect or hold to collect and sell are included here. In addition derivatives including embedded derivatives separated from the host contract which are not classified as hedging instruments in hedge accounting as well as shares and marketable debt securities acquired for the purpose of selling in the short term that are classified as held for trading are included here. Gains or losses on these financial assets are recognized in profit or loss. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are nonderivative financial assets with contractual cash flows that consist solely of payments of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding and which are held to collect the contractual cash flows as well as to sell the financial assets e.g. to achieve a defined liquidity target business model hold to collect and sell. This category also includes equity instruments not held for trading for which the option to recognize changes in the fair value of the instrument within other comprehensive income has been applied. 

Score 0.425
. The main reasons for this were an increase in unit sales of allelectric vehicles and the expansion of the product portfolio for lowcarbon vehicles.The revenues shown below are included as an aggregation across the various economic activities.The following table shows the scope of the Taxonomyeligibility and the Taxonomyalignment for the revenue by environmental objective

Score 0.424
YNYNin ETA. TAXONOMYELIGIBLE ACTIVITIESA. Environmentally sustainable activities TaxonomyalignedManufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transportCCM .YNELNELNELNELNELYYETransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehiclesCCM .YNELNELNELNELNELYYInfrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transportCCM ..YNELNELNELNELNELYY ERevenue from environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned A.YYof which enabling activityYYEof which transitional activityTA. Taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not Taxonomyaligned activitiesEL NEL

Score 0.418
Annual Report MercedesBenz Grouprequirements in the construction and approval process according to the DNSH requirements were taken as a basis.The analysis of the DNSH requirements for economic activities . and . forms the basis for considering the taxonomycompliant shares. With regard to economic activity . the reductions due to the DNSH requirements of the environmental objective pollution prevention and control were taken into account in the Taxonomyalignment of revenues and investments.Fulfilment of minimum safeguards An economic activity can only be classified as environmentally sustainable within the meaning of the Taxonomy if it is also conducted in accordance with certain minimum standards that are based on international frameworks. Here Article of the Taxonomy Regulation references the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights including the basic principles and rights from the eight core conventions defined in the International Labour Organizations Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and the International Bill of Human Rights. The Taxonomy Regulation itself does not further specify the standards.The report published by the Platform on Sustainable Finance in October Final Report on Minimum Safeguards assists companies with the interpretation of the scope and application of the minimum standards. This report forms the foundation for the application of minimum standards and the associated reporting at the MercedesBenz Group. Key issue areas here are human rights and labour rights see the chapters Social compliance and Occupational health and safety the prevention of corruption and the promotion of fair competition see the chapters Compliance management system Combating corruption and Promoting fair competition and responsible tax practices see the chapter Tax obligation. The verification of compliance here basically involves demonstrating compliance with the existence of corresponding due diligence processes at the Group level and the fact that no judicial rulings relating to serious violations in the aforementioned areas have been made in the final instance.

Score 0.415
ECapital expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned A.YYof which enabling activityYYEof which transitional activityTA. Taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not Taxonomyaligned activitiesEL NEL

Score 0.414
	 The pace of transformation is determined by market conditions and customers. 	 Compared to value chain stages procured goods production logistics fuel and energy generation driving operation disassembly and treatment processes 	Plugin hybrids and allelectric vehicles	 Allelectric vehicles

Score 0.413
The increasing demand for mobility is also leading to an increase in the worldwide consumption of resources with effects on the environment and society. Thats why the goal of the MercedesBenz Group is to increasingly decouple its consumption of resources from the growth of its production volume. The consumption of resources in production plays an important role in the environmental compatibility of vehicles. For this reason the MercedesBenz Group is working continuously to make production more efficient and more environmentally compatible. In order to improve its environmental footprint in production operations the Group has set reduction targets for energy water and waste at all of its production sites worldwide.In order to achieve its goals the Group uses Groupwide resource management with its environmental and energy management systems to ensure that appropriate measures are developed adapted to challenges where necessary and monitored.In order to ensure efficient highquality and environmentally friendly manufacturing operations the Group has established an environmental management system certified in accordance with ISO at its production sites around the world. All German manufacturing locations and the two European production sites in Kecskemt Hungary and Vitoria Spain have also been validated in accordance with EMAS. In addition the German production sites have had energy management systems conforming to DIN EN ISO in place since and the Group has these systems certified every three years. The MercedesBenz Group is currently also implementing ISO systems at a number of individual sites outside Germany for example in Kecskemt in Hungary Jawor in Poland and Vitoria in Spain. In addition during the year under review the MercedesBenz Group also moved ahead with the introduction on an international scale of energy management systems certified in accordance with ISO . New management systems were implemented in Pune India and Sebes Romania for example. The effectiveness of the management systems is monitored by external auditors as part of the certification process ISO EMAS ISO as well as in the environmental sector by internal environmental risk assessments environmental due diligence process. The Group also has a standardized process in place for reviewing and assessing its consolidated production sites every five years. The results of this process are reported to the respective plant and company management so that any necessary optimizations can be carried out.Reduction of energy consumptionThe optimization of energy efficiency enables the MercedesBenz Group to decrease its energy consumption and conserve resources while reducing the CO

Score 0.41
Annual Report MercedesBenz GroupThe following table shows the scope of the Taxonomyeligibility and the Taxonomyalignment for the capital expenditure by environmental objective

Score 0.41
 Waste volume in production in t

Score 0.407
Taxonomyeligibility of capital expenditure For the share of Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure under A. in the table Capital expenditure the Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure is considered in relation to the total relevant capital expenditure of the Group.All additions to intangible assets property plant and equipment and rightofuse assets as defined in IFRS in accordance with the statements of changes in noncurrent assets as well as additions to equipment on operating leases including the additions to the named assets as part of company acquisitions are taken into account in the denominator. Equipment on operating leases only takes into account vehicles acquired by dealers from outside the Group. Goodwill acquired is not taken into account here. If a divestment is planned capital expenditure on noncurrent assets is only taken into account until the point in time at which they were first classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS . The relevant additions to the assets to be taken into account amounted to million in the reporting year million see Notes and in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Additions that result from a purchase in the context of a company acquisition are of secondary importance in the reporting year.According to the Commission Notice C that the European Commission published on October the definition of an economic activity is characterized by the achievement of an output. In line with the MercedesBenz Groups business model the numerator was therefore determined by examining whether capital expenditure is made in connection with the manufacturing of vehicles the establishment of the charging infrastructure or the implementation of transport solutions for people and goods. This applies to nearly all of our investments.Taxonomyalignment of capital expenditure To calculate the Taxonomyaligned proportion of economic activities under A. in the table Capital expenditure capital expenditure was examined to determine the extent to which it was associated with lowcarbon vehicles economic activities . and . and with highpower charging stations economic activity . in order to assess whether a substantial contribution had been made to climate change mitigation. Table Capital expenditure p. shows the Taxonomyaligned capital expenditure aggregated across all economic activities. Compliance with the DNSH criteria was also monitored. The size of the share of Taxonomyaligned expenditure of total capital expenditure is mainly due to the disproportionately low share of Taxonomyaligned vehicles in the additions to the equipment on operating leases. As a result this share only partially reflects our investments in sustainable products for the future.When looking at Taxonomyaligned investments in intangible assets mainly in capitalized development costs and property plant and equipment of the MercedesBenz Group shows much higher shares of Taxonomyaligned capital expenditure table Capital expenditure. All of the capital expenditure of the MercedesBenz Group during the reporting year included in the numerator of the economic activities . and . relates to assets or processes in the context of already existing technologies which are connected to already existing Taxonomyaligned economic activities . and .. For most of the capital expenditure relating to the industrial business a direct attribution was made to allelectric vehicle projects. In the case of capital expenditure in lowcarbon plugin hybrids and assets that are used to produce both vehicles with combustion engines and lowcarbon vehicles suitable allocations based on planned vehicle sales figures for the respective model series or vehicle platforms were used. Capital expenditure that is not directly related to the manufacturing process was allocated on the basis of the planned unit 

Score 0.406
Annual Report MercedesBenz Groupthe independence of the compliance organization from the business divisionsMain objectives for compliance managementCombating corruptionThe MercedesBenz Group has committed itself to fighting corruption because corruption undermines fair competition and thereby harms all of society. The Groups corruption prevention measures extend beyond compliance with national laws and also encompass the guidelines from the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions and the United Nations Convention against Corruption .The Corruption Prevention Compliance Programme at the MercedesBenz Group is based on its CMS. Promoting fair competitionThe Groupwide Antitrust Compliance Programme is oriented to national and international standards for ensuring fair competition. The programme establishes a binding globally valid Group standard that defines how matters of antitrust law are to be assessed. In addition to MercedesBenz Group AGs central Legal and Compliance department the Groups global divisions can turn to local legal and compliance advisers. Employees receive further support through advice hotlines guidelines and practical support. Ensuring compliance with product requirements For the MercedesBenz Group technical Compliance means adhering to technical and regulatory requirements laws and standards. The objective here is to identify risks within the product creation process product development and certification at an early stage and to implement preventive measures. For this purpose the Group established a technical Compliance Management System tCMS in its automotive divisions. Its objective is to ensure that MercedesBenz Cars and MercedesBenz Vans comply with all legal and regulatory requirements throughout the entire product development and certification process. The tCMS defines values principles structures and processes in order to provide employees with guidance and orientation especially with regard to challenging questions on how to interpret technical regulations.The Speak up and Judgement calls commitment statements provide all employees in the development and certification units with a basis for a common understanding of responsible behaviour in the product creation process. They were drawn up jointly by Integrity Management and RD departments and are further embedded by internal departmental measures. Responsible handling of data Ensuring the protection of personal data data privacy and information security is a top priority at the MercedesBenz Group. The MercedesBenz Group regards the protection of personal data and the security of IT systems as essential components of comprehensive data governance. The key aims are the sustainable design of databased business models and the responsible ethical and legally compliant use of data in the interests of customers employees and other stakeholders. To achieve these strategic goals the MercedesBenz Group is pursuing a systematic approach. Key elements are the data governance structure the data vision the data culture and the aforementioned Data CMS. The implementation of data governance in the divisions of the MercedesBenz Group is the responsibility of the various bodies for data and data analytics. Within the MercedesBenz Group there is also a Digital Governance Board that includes members of the Board of Management. This body defines the framework for Groupwide core topics of digital governance and thus supports the digital transformation of the Group. The Chief Officer Corporate Data Protection at the MercedesBenz Group is responsible for the performance of the tasks required by law to ensure compliance with data protection rules.The MercedesBenz Groups commitment to the responsible use of data is anchored in its data vision. In the period from November to May the MercedesBenz Group focused on revising this guideline which is known as the MercedesBenz Data Vision and deriving and launching measures to increase customer confidence. The key message of the guideline is For the MercedesBenz Group customer trust and the responsible use of customer data are the basis for sustainable digital products and services.

Score 0.406
Educational and professional backgroundMechanical engineeringChemical engineeringChemistry

Score 0.406
 reduction in the aluminium supply chainThe MercedesBenz Group is working with its partners to decarbonize the aluminium supply chain. As presented in the Annual Report MercedesBenz AG and the Norwegian aluminium producer Norsk Hydro ASA Hydro signed a memorandum of understanding in December for a lowCO technology roadmap between and .As a next milestone the Group announced on May that Hydro is to supply even more COreduced aluminium to the foundry at the MercedesBenz plant in Untertürkheim. With a minimum of recycled material in Hydros tested aluminium the CO footprint is to be reduced.Following the completion of the successful test phase for the low CO

Score 0.405
the total cost base and improve the industrial footprint

Score 0.405
Ergun LümaliMichael BettagNadine BoguslawskiMichael HäberleGabriela NeherTenureJoined board inTerm limit not breachedDiversityGenderMaleMaleFemaleMaleFemaleYear of birthNationalityGermanGermanGermanGermanGermanEducational and professional backgroundConstruction mechanics compensation and service policyBusiness managementElectronics engineerMechanical engineering business administrationProduction mechanic graphic designerFormal suitabilityAge limit not breachedCompetenciesexperienceFinancee.g. accounting controlling risk management audit MAStrategyDigitalizationIT e.g. software processes data protectionTransformation e.g. product working modelsHRe.g. personnel management employee issues working environmentSustainabilityESG

Score 0.404
 emissions in its supply chains for services as well as for production and nonproduction materials. This is why in the future the Group intends to work only with partners that share its view of sustainability with regard to the climate the environment and human rights and has also incorporated net carbon neutrality

Score 0.403
Resource conservation in production

Score 0.289
Miscellaneous other financial incomeexpense mainly includes net income previous year net expenses from the measurement of financial assets and liabilities. 

Score 0.367
Income from costs recharged to third parties includes IT and logistics costs as well as other costs recharged to third parties with related expenses primarily within functional costs. The decrease in other operating income in was mainly due to the income from the sale of the retail activities in Canada million reported in the comparative period. It is included in gains on sales of property plant and equipment. In addition income from corporate transactions in connection with the sale of the shares in MercedesBenz Grand Prix Ltd. was included in million. The composition of other operating expense is shown as follows. 

Score 0.4
Other operating expense In millions of euros Losses on sales of property plant and equipment Loss from deconsolidation Other miscellaneous expense 

Score 0.218
On the basis of the authorization to acquire the Companys own shares given by the Annual General Meeting on July the Board of Management with the approval of the Supervisory Board resolved a share buyback programme on February . The acquisition of treasury shares worth up to billion not including incidental costs on the stock exchange over a period of up to two years began on March . The repurchased shares are to be cancelled at a later date. MercedesBenz Group AG has separately agreed with Beijing Automotive Group Co. Ltd. and Geely Group that they will each keep their share in all voting shares of MercedesBenz Group AG below by divesting their shares on a prorata basis concurrently with the share buyback programme. From March to December as part of the share buyback programme million of the Companys own shares were repurchased at a purchase price of million representing million or . of the share capital. The purchase price was recorded under treasury shares together with a liability of million for buyback obligations. On February MercedesBenz Group AG has resolved to implement a share buyback policy. Based on such policy the future Free Cash Flow from the industrial business as available post potential smallscale MA generated beyond the approximately dividend payout ratio of Group net profit shall be used to fund share buybacks with the purpose of redeeming shares. In this context MercedesBenz Group AG moreover has resolved to conduct a further share buyback programme through which it is intended to acquire own shares worth up to billion not including incidental costs on the stock exchange and to then cancel them. The further share buyback programme will be based on the authorization by the Annual General Meeting of MercedesBenz Group AG on July authorizing the Board of Management to acquire with the approval of the Supervisory Board own shares up to a maximum of of the share capital until July . It is scheduled to commence immediately after the conclusion of the ongoing share buyback programme announced on February and is expected to be completed before the expiry of the Annual General Meetings abovementioned authorization. Future share buyback programmes are subject to the necessary resolutions of the companys corporate bodies required in each individual case. 

Score 0.031
Employee share purchase plan 

Score 0.349
Other operating income In millions of euros Income from costs recharged Government grants Gains on sales of property plant and equipment Rental income not relating to sales financing Income from company transactions Other miscellaneous income 

Score 0.29
The decrease in other operating expense was primarily due to lower expenses in connection with ongoing official and legal proceedings and measures relating to MercedesBenz diesel vehicles. They are included in other miscellaneous expense. Other miscellaneous expense also includes expenses from hyperinflation accounting and other operating expense charged to third parties. The loss of million from the deconsolidation of the shares in the Russian subsidiaries booked in other operating expense in is mainly attributable to the MercedesBenz Mobility segment. In the valuation and disposal of operating investments and business activities of the MercedesBenz Mobility segments commercial vehicle business included net expense of million excluding transaction costs which was reported in the reconciliation.

Score 0.207
. Other financial incomeexpense 

Score 0.261
The following table shows the components of other financial incomeexpense net. 

Score 0.317
Other financial incomeexpense net In millions of euros Income and expense from compounding and effects from changes in discount rates of provisions for other risksIncome from equity instruments Expense from equity instrumentsMiscellaneous other financial incomeexpense net 

Score 0.243
Credit risks Information on credit risks included in trade receivables is shown in the following table. Further information on financial risk and types of risk is provided in Note . 

Score 0.193
. Interest income and interest expense 

Score 0.304
The composition of other operating income is shown in the following table. 

Score 0.207
Split of deferred tax assets and liabilitiesAt December At December Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities In millions of euros Intangible assets mainly development costs Property plant and equipment Equipment on operating leases Inventories Receivables from financial services Miscellaneous assets mainly other financial assets Taxloss carryforwards and unused tax credits Provisions for pensions and similar obligations Other Provisions Miscellaneous liabilities mainly liabilities Unrecognized deferred tax assets thereof on temporary differences thereof on taxloss carryforwards and tax credits Deferred tax assets and liabilities unbalanced Balance sheet amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities balanced Deferred tax assetsdeferred tax liabilities net 

Score 0.186
Thereof million relates to taxloss carryforwards which can be carried forward indefinitely million relates to taxloss carryforwards which expire by the year and million relates to taxloss carryforwards and tax credits which can be carried forward by the year . A large proportion of the unrecognized deferred tax assets relates to taxloss carryforwards for state and local taxes at the US companies as well as temporary differences.The MercedesBenz Group believes that it is more likely than not that it will be unable to utilize those deferred tax assets. 

Score 0.243
Taxfree income and nondeductible expenses include all reconciling items of German and foreign companies relating to taxfree income and nondeductible expenses e.g. taxfree results of the equitymethod investments. The increase compared to the previous year is due among other things to the increase in taxfree equitymethod earnings in . The other items include among other things effects from withholding taxes on dividends patents and licenses which increased compared to the prior year. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and if there is the right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities. In the presentation of deferred tax assets and liabilities in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position no difference is made between current and noncurrent. In respect of each type of temporary difference and in respect of each type of unutilized taxloss carryforwards and unutilized tax credits at December the deferred tax assets and liabilities presented in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position before offset are summarized in the following table. At December unrecognized deferred tax assets in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position relate among other things to corporate income taxloss carryforwards and tax credits of million. 

Score 0.195
Reconciliation of expected income tax expense to actual income tax expense In millions of euros Expected income tax expense Foreign taxrate differential Trade taxrate differential Taxlaw changes Change of unrecognized deferred tax assets including writedown of deferred tax assets Taxfree income and nondeductible expenses Other Actual income tax expense 

Score 0.185
The current tax expense includes tax benefits recognized for prior periods at German and foreign companies of million million. The following table shows a reconciliation of expected income tax expense to actual income tax expense in the financial year. In order to determine the expected income tax expense the German combined statutory tax rate of . applicable in the financial year is multiplied by the profit before taxes. 

Score 0.216
Components of income tax expense In millions of euros Current taxes Deferred taxes Deferred taxes due to temporary differences Deferred taxes due to taxloss carryforwards and tax credits 

Score 0.005
Conditional capital 

Score 0.254
By resolution of the Annual General Meeting on July the Board of Management is authorized with the consent of the Supervisory Board until July to issue convertible andor warrant bonds or a combination of these instruments bonds with a total face value of up to . billion and a maturity of no more than ten years. The Board of Management is allowed to grant the holders of these bonds conversion or warrant rights for new registered noparvalue shares in MercedesBenz Group AG with an allocable portion of the share capital of up to million in accordance with the details defined in the terms and conditions of the bonds. The bonds can be offered in exchange for cash andor noncash contributions in particular for shares in other companies. The terms and conditions of the bonds can include warranty obligations or conversion obligations. The bonds can be issued once or several times wholly or in instalments or simultaneously in various tranches as well as by subsidiaries of the Company within the meaning of Sections et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act AktG. Among other things the Board of Management was also authorized to exclude shareholders subscription rights for the bonds under certain conditions and within defined limits subject to the consent of the Supervisory Board. In order to fulfil the conditions of the abovementioned authorization the Annual General Meeting on July also resolved to increase the share capital conditionally by an amount of up to million Conditional Capital . No use was made of this authorization to issue convertible andor warrant bonds during the reporting period.

Score 0.261
The following table shows the components of income tax expense. 

Score 0.038
Treasury shares 

Score 0.246
By resolution of the Annual General Meeting on July the Board of Management is authorized with the consent of the Supervisory Board until July to acquire treasury shares in a volume up to of the share capital issued as of the day of the resolution or if this is lower of the share capital existing at the time of the authorization being exercised to be used for all permissible purposes. The shares can be used among other things with the exclusion of shareholders subscription rights for business combinations or to acquire companies or to be sold to third parties for cash at a price that is not significantly lower than the stockexchange price of the Companys shares. The acquired shares can also be used to fulfil obligations from issued convertible bonds andor bonds with warrants and to be issued to employees of the Company and employees and board members of the Companys subsidiaries pursuant to Sections et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act AktG. The treasury shares can also be cancelled. In a volume up to of the share capital issued as of the day of the resolution of the Annual General Meeting the Board of Management is authorized with the consent of the Supervisory Board to acquire treasury shares also by using derivatives put options call options forward purchases or a combination of these instruments whereby the term of a derivative must not exceed months and must not end later than July . 

Score 0.064
Share buyback programmes 

Score 0.122
. Income taxes 

Score 0.088
Due to the global increase in interest rates net interest incomeexpense improved in . 

Score 0.205
Interest income and interest expense In millions of euros Interest income Net interest income on the net assets of defined benefit pension plans Interest and similar income Interest expense Net interest expense on the net obligation from defined benefit pension plans Interest and similar expense 

Score 0.177
The following table shows the components of interest income and interest expense. 

Score 0.336
. Other operating income and expense 

Score 0.197
In the first quarter of as in the previous year MercedesBenz Group AG purchased . million shares of MercedesBenz Group AG for the employee share purchase plan pursuant to Section Subsection No. of the German Stock Corporation Act AktG. The purchase was carried out without utilizing the authorization to acquire treasury shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on July . The shares which were reissued to group employees were purchased for a price of million and represented . million or . of the share capital . million shares of MercedesBenz Group AG representing . million or . of the share capital were purchased for a price of million. 

Score 0.316
Cost of sales In millions of euros Expense of goods sold Depreciation of equipment on operating leases Refinancing costs at MercedesBenz Mobility Impairment losses on receivables from financial services Other cost of sales 

Score 0.168
 The reconciliation includes eliminations of intraGroup revenue between the segments.

Score 0.193
RevenueMercedesBenz CarsMercedesBenz VansMercedesBenz MobilityTotal segmentsReconciliationMercedesBenz GroupIn millions of euros Europe North America Asia Other markets Revenue according to IFRS Other revenue Total revenue 

Score 0.172
Other revenue primarily comprises revenue from the rental and leasing business of million million interest from the financial services business at MercedesBenz Mobility recognized using the effectiveinterest method in an amount of million million and effects from currency hedging. Interest from the financial services business includes financial income on the net investment in leases of million million. 

Score 0.334
Revenue in was slightly above the previous years level. The increase in revenue was primarily due to higher unit sales and improved pricing at the MercedesBenz Vans segment. Revenue in the MercedesBenz Cars segment was also higher primarily due to a further improvement in pricing. However negative exchangerate effects had an opposing effect causing a reduction in revenue. Revenue disclosed in the Consolidated Statement of Income includes revenue from contracts with customers which are in the scope of IFRS revenue according to IFRS and other revenue not in the scope of IFRS . The composition of the revenue in the Consolidated Statement of Income is shown by region in Note . Revenue according to IFRS is disaggregated by the two categories type of products and services and geographical regions. The category type of products and services corresponds to the reported segments. Revenue according to IFRS includes revenue that was included in contract liabilities at December in an amount of million million and revenue from performance obligations fully or partially satisfied in previous periods in an amount of million million. Revenue related to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied by the end of the reporting period that is expected to be recognized within three years amounted to million at December million. This revenue is mainly derived from longterm service and maintenance contracts and extended warranties. It does not include performance obligations from customer contracts that have initial expected durations of one year or less. The number of vehicles for which the expected original delivery time will exceed twelve months was immaterial and is therefore not part of the disclosed amount. Longterm performance obligations of minor importance to the overall contract value of a bundled contract are not considered in assessing the initial duration of the bundled contract. 

Score 0.238
Under the German Stock Corporation Act AktG the dividend is paid out of the distributable profit reported in the Annual Financial Statements of MercedesBenz Group AG parent company only in accordance with the German Commercial Code HGB. The management will propose to the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting the payment of million of the distributable profit of MercedesBenz Group AG for the financial year as a dividend to the shareholders equivalent to . per noparvalue share entitled to a dividend and the transfer of million to retained earnings. A portion of million of the amount proposed for allocation to retained earnings is attributable to . million treasury shares not entitled to dividends held directly or indirectly by the company on December . As the number of treasury shares held directly or indirectly by the Company will change before the Annual General Meeting due to the ongoing share buyback programme a proposal for a correspondingly adjusted resolution will be submitted to the Annual General Meeting. With an unchanged dividend of . per noparvalue share entitled to a dividend the portion of the distributable profit to be transferred into retained earnings and the total distribution amount will be adjusted accordingly. For the financial year in accordance with the adjusted proposal for the appropriation of profits the Annual General Meeting resolved that million . per noparvalue share entitled to a dividend be distributed to the shareholders from the distributable profit and the portion of million from the distributable profit attributable to the . million treasury shares not entitled to dividends held by MercedesBenz Group AG at the time of the Annual General Meeting be allocated to retained earnings. 

Score 0.147
Sale of interests in MercedesBenz Grand Prix Ltd. In the fourth quarter of the MercedesBenz Group signed the contractual agreements with Motorsports Invest Ltd. and INEOS Industries Holdings Ltd. on the sale of shares of MercedesBenz Grand Prix Ltd. Some of the agreements concluded already took effect in . When the other agreements became effective in January the Group lost control over MercedesBenz Grand Prix Ltd. and included the remaining . interest in the company in the Consolidated Financial Statements using the equity method. The sale of the shares resulted in other operating income of million in the MercedesBenz Cars segment in the first quarter of . The purchase price payment agreed for resulted in a cash inflow of million. 

Score 0.128
Shares in associated companies 

Score 0.058
Other reserves 

Score 0.249
costs which were reported in the reconciliation in the segment reporting. Income of million was realized for the operating investments and business activities disposed of in in particular in the MercedesBenz Cars segment. In total expenses from the realization of the currency reserve of million were recognized. In there were no significant effects on the profitability liquidity and capital resources and financial position. Sale of foreign retail activities and other sales companies Agreements on the sale of further sales activities in other European countries were concluded in . The disposals are to take place successively over the course of . The criteria for classification as assets and liabilities held for distribution or sale are met as of December . The assets of . billion and liabilities of . billion are therefore reported as assets and liabilities held for sale in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position of December in accordance with IFRS . Of the assets . billion is attributable to the MercedesBenz Cars segment and . billion to the MercedesBenz Vans segment. Assets mainly comprise inventories of . billion property plant and equipment of . billion and trade receivables of . billion. The liabilities which are almost entirely attributable to the MercedesBenz Cars segment mainly include financing liabilities to financial institutions of . billion. In January the Group divested its retail activities in Italy. There were no significant effects on the profitability liquidity and capital resources and financial position. The sales company in Greece and other dealers in Europe were already sold in the course of . The disposals resulted in income of million. The cash inflow amounted to a total of million. The effects are mainly allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment. In addition further retail activities in various countries in particular those allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment were sold in . The disposals resulted in income of million and cash inflows of million. In December the contractual arrangements on the sale of the retail activities in Canada were concluded. The transaction became effective in February and the Group recognized other operating income of million which was mainly allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment. The cash inflow amounted to million and was also mainly allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment. Parts of the purchase price were financed by MercedesBenz Financial Services in Canada and led to a cash outflow of million at the MercedesBenz Mobility segment. Sale of Indonesian sales and production entitiesThe MercedesBenz Group sold its subsidiaries in Indonesia to a local investor with effect from September . The sale of both companies resulted in an income of million and a cash inflow of million which are allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment. Assets decreased by million and liabilities by million as a result of deconsolidation. 

Score 0.261
Other reserves comprise accumulated unrealized gainslosses from currency translation of the financial statements of the consolidated foreign companies and accumulated unrealized gainslosses on financial assets derivative financial instruments and equitymethod investments. The changes in other reserves are included in other comprehensive incomeloss and are presented in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive IncomeLoss. In other comprehensive incomeloss gainslosses on equitymethod investments that may be reclassified to profitloss in the statement of income in the future includes a loss of million gain of million from accumulated unrealized gainslosses from currency translation. 

Score 0.217
Sale of the shares in the Russian subsidiaries On March the MercedesBenz Group decided to stop exporting cars and vans to Russia and to cease local production in Russia until further notice. At the end of October the MercedesBenz Group signed contracts with the Russian car dealer Avtodom AO for the sale of the shares in the Russian subsidiaries. A degree of discretion has been exercised in the consideration and subsequent derivation of the effects of the sanctions and countersanctions on the business activities. The recognition and valuation of the assets and liabilities due to the discontinuation of the business activities in Russia in particular the processing of existing transactions resulted in expenses of around . billion in the automotive segments in . Total expenses of around . billion resulted from the measurement of credit default risks and increased refinancing expenses in the segment MercedesBenz Mobility. The bulk of the expenses were included in cost of sales. As of December completion of the transaction was still subject to authorities approval and the implementation of the contractually agreed conditions. With the closing of the transaction on April the shares of Russian subsidiaries were deconsolidated. The sale of the Russian subsidiaries resulted in no significant cash inflow. This led to a cash outflow in the amount of the disposed cash and cash equivalents of million which is mainly attributable to the MercedesBenz Mobility segment. The assets of million disposed of with the deconsolidation essentially include property plant and equipment of million and receivables from financial services of million. In addition cash and cash equivalents of million are included. The disposed liabilities of million include in particular provisions of million and financing liabilities of million. The Group had issued a global guarantee for the financing liabilities to financial institutions which ended when the transaction was completed. The contingent liabilities reported as of December in connection with the cessation of business activities in Russia were also derecognized upon completion of the transaction. The transaction costs amounted to million. After realizing the currency reserve of million a loss on disposal of million resulted. This was reported in other operating expenses. Expenses of million were attributable to the MercedesBenz Mobility segment the MercedesBenz Cars and MercedesBenz Vans segments generated income of million and million respectively. Sale of Daimlers commercial vehicle business With the completion of the spinoff and hivedown of the Daimler commercial vehicle business substantial parts of the former Daimler commercial vehicle business including the associated financial services business were deconsolidated on December . The initially remaining financial services of the Daimler commercial vehicle business were sold to Daimler Truck Holding AG or its subsidiaries in . At the MercedesBenz Mobility segment assets of million and liabilities of million were disposed of on or before December . In addition in individual countries investments in operating entities or business operations of the former commercial vehicle business were sold to external third parties in . Assets of million and liabilities of million mainly allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment were disposed of on or before December . The Group received million from the in the prior year partially still preliminary purchase prices in including the repayment of the existing intraGroup financing liabilities of the companies and business activities within the MercedesBenz Group. The valuation and sale and the transfer of the MercedesBenz Mobility companies resulted in net expenses of million in excluding transaction 

Score 0.098
Shares in subsidiaries 

Score -0.003
. Sharebased payment 

Score 0.207
The structured entities of the Group are mainly assetbackedsecurities ABS companies and special funds. The ABS companies are primarily used for the Groups refinancing. The receivables transferred to structured entities usually result from the leasing and salesfinancing business. Those entities refinance the purchase price by issuing securities. The special funds are set up in particular in order to diversify the capitalinvestment strategy. At the reporting date the Group has business relationships with controlled structured entities of which all are fully consolidated. In addition as in the previous year the Group has relationships with one noncontrolled structured entity. 

Score 0.158
Structured entities 

Score 0.283
. Functional costs Cost of sales 

Score 0.269
In the cost of sales were primarily affected by expenses paid to suppliers due to additional costs relating to inflation and supply chains. In contrast lower raw material prices had a positive impact on the cost of sales. Refinancing costs at MercedesBenz Mobility are rising due to higher interest rates compared to the previous year. In the prior year cost of sales were impacted by expenses in connection with the discontinuation of the business activities in Russia. The amortization expense of capitalized development costs in the amount of million million is presented in expense of goods sold. 

Score 0.229
Changes in deferred tax assetsdeferred tax liabilities net In millions of euros Deferred tax assetsdeferred tax liabilities net as of January Deferred tax expensebenefit in the Consolidated Statement of Income Change in deferred tax assetsliabilities on equity instruments included in other comprehensive incomeloss Change in deferred tax assetsliabilities on debt instruments included in other comprehensive incomeloss Change in deferred tax assetsliabilities on derivative financial instruments included in other comprehensive incomeloss Change in deferred tax assetsliabilities on actuarial gainslosses from defined benefit pension plans included in other comprehensive incomeloss Other changes

Score 0.207
Selling expenses 

Score 0.278
 Average number for the active workforce including holiday workers. With the implementation of the European Sustainability Reporting Standards as of the number of employees becomes a further criterion for the inclusion of an entity within the scope of consolidation. The average number of employees of nonconsolidated subsidiaries is employees. They will therefore be included within the scope of consolidation from the year but are not included in the above figure. Proportionally including employees from a proportionately consolidated company. 

Score 0.101
 MercedesBenz Vans MercedesBenz Mobility Central Functions Services 

Score 0.077
 MercedesBenz Cars

Score 0.084
Average number of employees

Score 0.263
Personnel expenses included in the Consolidated Statement of Income for amounted to million million. Personnel expenses comprise wages and salaries in the amount of million million socialsecurity contributions in the amount of million million and expenses from pension obligations in the amount of million million. The average number of people employed in the reporting year are shown in the following table. 

Score 0.175
Personnel expenses and average number of employees 