Scores_h_TRANSPORTATION AND STORAGEScore 0.508
Property plant and equipmentLand land rights and buildings including buildings on land owned by others thereof rightofuse assets from leasing Technical equipment and machinery thereof rightofuse assets from leasing Other equipment factory and office equipment thereof rightofuse assets from leasing Advance payments and construction in progress Total thereof rightofuse assets from leasing In millions of euros Acquisitionmanufacturing costsBalance at January Additions Reclassifications Disposals Other changes Balance at December Additions Reclassifications DisposalsOther changesBalance at December DepreciationimpairmentBalance at January Additions Reclassifications Disposals Other changes Balance at December Additions DisposalsOther changesBalance at December Carrying amount at December Carrying amount at December 

Score 0.504
Transactions with related partiesIncome from sales of goods and services and other income Expense from purchases of goods and services and other expense Receivables and rightofuseassets Liabilities and provisions

Score 0.495
. Property plant and equipment 

Score 0.484
Manufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transportCCM .ELNELNELNELNELNELOperating expenditure of Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not Taxonomyaligned activities A.A. Operating expenditure of Taxonomyeligible activities A. A.B. TAXONOMY NONELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES Operating expenditure of Taxonomy noneligible activitiesTotal A B

Score 0.481
 thereof with gross settlement Cash outflows Cash inflows thereof with net settlement Cash outflows Trade payables

Score 0.478
building renovation measures and certain maintenance and repair expenses basically labour and material costs as well as purchased services relating to property plant and equipment are included. These components of the relevant operating expenditures were collected exclusively from the manufacturing companies on the basis of materiality considerations.In a manner similar to the approach taken for capital expenditure the relevant operating expenditures were also examined here for the determination of the numerator on the basis of the materiality considerations mentioned above to determine whether they are related to the manufacture of vehicles. This applies to the operating expenditure described.

Score 0.461
 operation of zeroemissions road transport.The economic activities in specific energy sectors contained in the supplement to the delegated act relating to the climate goals are only present to an immaterial extent at the MercedesBenz Group and are performed exclusively in support of carrying out economic activity ..The economic activities contained in the delegated acts relating to climate change adaptation are only present to an immaterial extent at the MercedesBenz Group and are reported exclusively under the environmental objective climate change mitigation. The Taxonomyeligible economic activity . that encompasses the sale of secondhand goods which are purchased by the MercedesBenz Group from third parties was identified on the basis of the descriptions in the delegated act relating to the transition to a circular economy. For the reporting year simplified reporting obligations apply for economic activities newly introduced by the delegated acts. These stipulate that only reporting in relation to Taxonomyeligibility is required. The MercedesBenz Group reports economic activity . as Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable. An assessment of Taxonomyalignment has not been carried out.The individual economic activities are additionally to be classified according to enabling activities and transitional activities. An enabling activity is an economic activity that makes a substantial contribution to one or more environmental objectives by directly enabling further activities to also make a substantial contribution. At the MercedesBenz Group this mostly applies to the economic activities . and .. A transitional activity in contrast is an economic activity for which there is no technological and economically feasible lowcarbon alternative but which makes a substantial contribution to climate change mitigation by supporting the transition to a climateneutral economy.

Score 0.46
 Trade receivables Cash and cash equivalents Marketable debt securities and similar investments Other receivables and miscellaneous other financial assets Financial assets recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income Marketable debt securities and similar investments Equity instruments and debt instruments Financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss Marketable debt securities and similar investments Equity instruments and debt instruments Other financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss

Score 0.46
Income from costs recharged to third parties includes IT and logistics costs as well as other costs recharged to third parties with related expenses primarily within functional costs. The decrease in other operating income in was mainly due to the income from the sale of the retail activities in Canada million reported in the comparative period. It is included in gains on sales of property plant and equipment. In addition income from corporate transactions in connection with the sale of the shares in MercedesBenz Grand Prix Ltd. was included in million. The composition of other operating expense is shown as follows. 

Score 0.454
Loss allowances The loss allowances for receivables from financial services due to expected credit losses are shown in the table Development of loss allowances for receivables from financial services due to expected credit losses. The carrying amounts of receivables from financial services based on modified contracts that are shown in stages and amounted to million at December million. In addition carrying amounts of million in connection with contractual modifications were reclassified at December from stages and into stage million. Credit risks Information on credit risks included in receivables from financial services is shown in the table Credit risks included in receivables from financial services. Longer overdue periods regularly lead to higher loss allowances. At the beginning of the contracts collaterals of usually at least of the carrying amounts were agreed which are backed by the vehicles based on the underlying contracts. Over the contract terms the amounts of the collaterals are included in the calculation of the risk provisioning so the net carrying amounts of the creditimpaired contracts are essentially backed by the underlying vehicles. Further information on loss allowances financial risks and types of risks is provided in Note . 

Score 0.453
Manufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transportCCM .ELELNELNELNELNELTransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehiclesCCM .ELNELNELNELNELNELCapital expenditure of Taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not Taxonomyaligned activities A.A. Capital expenditure of Taxonomyeligible activities A. A. B. TAXONOMY NONELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES Capital expenditure of Taxonomy noneligible activities Total A B

Score 0.445
Carrying amounts and fair values of financial instrumentsAt December At December Carrying amount Fair value Carrying amount Fair value In millions of euros Receivables from financial services Trade receivables Cash and cash equivalents Marketable debt securities and similar investments Recognized at fair value through profit or loss Recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income Measured at cost Other financial assets Equity instruments and debt instruments Recognized at fair value through profit or loss Recognized at fair value through other comprehensive income Other financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss Derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting Other receivables and miscellaneous other financial assets Financial assets Financing liabilities Trade payables Other financial liabilities Financial liabilities recognized at fair value through profit or loss Derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting Miscellaneous other financial liabilities Contract and refund liabilities Obligations from sales transactions Financial liabilities 

Score 0.444
The transactions with associated companies mainly relate to Daimler Truck Holding AG Daimler Truck which is allocated to the reconciliation and to LSH Auto International Limited LSHAI and Beijing Benz Automotive Co. Ltd. BBAC which are allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment. There are numerous relationships in the scope of ordinary business between the MercedesBenz Group and Daimler Truck for example the purchase and sale of goods and services and leasing agreements. In addition there is an interim provision of services by corporate functions that are included under other operating income. The leased equipment of the MercedesBenz Mobility segment includes commercial vehicles produced by Daimler Truck which have been acquired from external dealers or other third parties not related to the MercedesBenz Group. MercedesBenz Mobility usually receives a residualvalue guarantee from Daimler Truck for this leased equipment in connection with the obligation to return the respective commercial vehicles to Daimler Truck. At December this guarantee was million December million. Additionally the MercedesBenz Group will continue the leasing and salesfinancing business for Daimler Trucks commercial vehicles in some markets. To this end MercedesBenz Mobility acquires these vehicles from Daimler Truck and leases them to the end customers. Insofar as a mandatory vehicle return to Daimler Truck has been agreed a leasing contract head lease between MercedesBenz Mobility and Daimler Truck is shown. The contract between MercedesBenz Mobility and the end customer constitutes a sublease in this respect. The receivables and rightofuse assets shown in the table include demands for the repurchase of vehicles of million December million shown in receivables from financial services and rightofuse assets of million December million visvis Daimler Truck shown in equipment on operating leases. These rightofuse assets were depreciated as planned by million in million. In addition the MercedesBenz Group holds a minority interest of million December million in real estate companies controlled by Daimler Truck Group which is shown as debt instruments in other financial assets. At December offbalancesheet obligations to the Daimler Truck Group amounted to million December million. 

Score 0.44
The development of equipment on operating leases is shown in the table Equipment on operating leases. The carrying amount of the equipment on operating leases includes leased rightofuse assets from recognized head leases with the Daimler Truck Group of . billion . billion. The revenue received from the sale of Group products to external dealers is estimated by the Group as being of the magnitude of the respective addition to leased equipment at MercedesBenz Mobility. These vehicles generate revenue from lease payments and subsequent resale on the basis of the separate leasing contracts. In additions to leased equipment from these vehicles at MercedesBenz Mobility amounted to approximately billion approximately billion. At December equipment on operating leases with a carrying amount of million was pledged as security for liabilities from ABS transactions million. These liabilities related to a securitization transaction of future lease payments on leased vehicles see also Note .

Score 0.439
Types of receivables Receivables from sales financing with customers include receivables from credit financing for nonGroup third parties who purchased their vehicle either from a dealer or directly from the MercedesBenz Group. Receivables from sales financing with dealers represent loans for floor financing programmes for vehicles purchased from the MercedesBenz Group. In addition these receivables also relate to the financing of other assets that the dealers purchased from third parties in particular used vehicles or property. Receivables from finance lease contracts consist of receivables from leasing contracts for which all substantial risks and rewards incidental to the leasing objects are transferred to the lessee. In the MercedesBenz Group recognized a gain of million million from the difference between the additions to receivables from finance lease contracts and the carrying amounts of the underlying assets. At December receivables from financial services with a carrying amount of million million were pledged mostly as collateral for liabilities from ABS transactions see also Note . 

Score 0.438
Inventories increased compared to December due to the introduction of the direct sales model in additional markets and rampups in production due to new model years. Additionally the finished goods include on average more expensive vehicles. The amount of writedown of inventories to net realizable value recognized as an expense in cost of sales was million in million. The carrying amounts of inventories that are expected to be recovered or settled after more than twelve months amounted to million at December million and are related primarily to finished goods. To secure obligations from partial retirement and longterm working accounts a number of company cars and demonstration vehicles included in inventories of MercedesBenz AG in the amount of million is pledged as collateral to MercedesBenz Pension Trust e.V. as of December million. The increase in carrying amount is due to the significantly higher inventory levels as well as the on average more expensive vehicle prices. 

Score 0.438
Revenue in was slightly above the previous years level. The increase in revenue was primarily due to higher unit sales and improved pricing at the MercedesBenz Vans segment. Revenue in the MercedesBenz Cars segment was also higher primarily due to a further improvement in pricing. However negative exchangerate effects had an opposing effect causing a reduction in revenue. Revenue disclosed in the Consolidated Statement of Income includes revenue from contracts with customers which are in the scope of IFRS revenue according to IFRS and other revenue not in the scope of IFRS . The composition of the revenue in the Consolidated Statement of Income is shown by region in Note . Revenue according to IFRS is disaggregated by the two categories type of products and services and geographical regions. The category type of products and services corresponds to the reported segments. Revenue according to IFRS includes revenue that was included in contract liabilities at December in an amount of million million and revenue from performance obligations fully or partially satisfied in previous periods in an amount of million million. Revenue related to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied by the end of the reporting period that is expected to be recognized within three years amounted to million at December million. This revenue is mainly derived from longterm service and maintenance contracts and extended warranties. It does not include performance obligations from customer contracts that have initial expected durations of one year or less. The number of vehicles for which the expected original delivery time will exceed twelve months was immaterial and is therefore not part of the disclosed amount. Longterm performance obligations of minor importance to the overall contract value of a bundled contract are not considered in assessing the initial duration of the bundled contract. 

Score 0.435
Property plant and equipment

Score 0.433
Receivables from financial servicesAt December At December Current Noncurrent Total Current Noncurrent Total In millions of euros Sales financing with customers Sales financing with dealers Finance lease contracts Residualvalue receivables Gross carrying amount Loss allowances Net carrying amount 

Score 0.43
 the percentage of Taxonomyaligned capital expenditure was at the prioryear level. There was a sharp addition to capitalized development costs the effect of which was offset by the higher total capital expenditure compared to the previous year.CapEx plan for economic activity .A capital expenditure CapEx plan that has been adopted by management must exist for capital expenditure that leads to an expansion of Taxonomyaligned economic activities or enables the conversion of Taxonomyeligible economic activities into Taxonomyaligned economic activities. At the MercedesBenz Group this affects capital expenditure for economic activity . Infrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transport charging infrastructure that is expected to fall under the environmental objective climate change mitigation. The Board of Management of MercedesBenz Group AG has adopted the planned capital expenditure for the construction of MercedesBenz own highpower charging stations as part of the corporate planning covering the period to . The CapEx plan contains total capital expenditure in the amount of around . billion whereof million are accounted for in the reporting year.

Score 0.429
Taxonomyeligibility of capital expenditure For the share of Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure under A. in the table Capital expenditure the Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure is considered in relation to the total relevant capital expenditure of the Group.All additions to intangible assets property plant and equipment and rightofuse assets as defined in IFRS in accordance with the statements of changes in noncurrent assets as well as additions to equipment on operating leases including the additions to the named assets as part of company acquisitions are taken into account in the denominator. Equipment on operating leases only takes into account vehicles acquired by dealers from outside the Group. Goodwill acquired is not taken into account here. If a divestment is planned capital expenditure on noncurrent assets is only taken into account until the point in time at which they were first classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS . The relevant additions to the assets to be taken into account amounted to million in the reporting year million see Notes and in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Additions that result from a purchase in the context of a company acquisition are of secondary importance in the reporting year.According to the Commission Notice C that the European Commission published on October the definition of an economic activity is characterized by the achievement of an output. In line with the MercedesBenz Groups business model the numerator was therefore determined by examining whether capital expenditure is made in connection with the manufacturing of vehicles the establishment of the charging infrastructure or the implementation of transport solutions for people and goods. This applies to nearly all of our investments.Taxonomyalignment of capital expenditure To calculate the Taxonomyaligned proportion of economic activities under A. in the table Capital expenditure capital expenditure was examined to determine the extent to which it was associated with lowcarbon vehicles economic activities . and . and with highpower charging stations economic activity . in order to assess whether a substantial contribution had been made to climate change mitigation. Table Capital expenditure p. shows the Taxonomyaligned capital expenditure aggregated across all economic activities. Compliance with the DNSH criteria was also monitored. The size of the share of Taxonomyaligned expenditure of total capital expenditure is mainly due to the disproportionately low share of Taxonomyaligned vehicles in the additions to the equipment on operating leases. As a result this share only partially reflects our investments in sustainable products for the future.When looking at Taxonomyaligned investments in intangible assets mainly in capitalized development costs and property plant and equipment of the MercedesBenz Group shows much higher shares of Taxonomyaligned capital expenditure table Capital expenditure. All of the capital expenditure of the MercedesBenz Group during the reporting year included in the numerator of the economic activities . and . relates to assets or processes in the context of already existing technologies which are connected to already existing Taxonomyaligned economic activities . and .. For most of the capital expenditure relating to the industrial business a direct attribution was made to allelectric vehicle projects. In the case of capital expenditure in lowcarbon plugin hybrids and assets that are used to produce both vehicles with combustion engines and lowcarbon vehicles suitable allocations based on planned vehicle sales figures for the respective model series or vehicle platforms were used. Capital expenditure that is not directly related to the manufacturing process was allocated on the basis of the planned unit 

Score 0.428
Segment liabilities principally comprise all liabilities. The MercedesBenz Cars and MercedesBenz Vans reporting segments liabilities exclude income tax liabilities liabilities from pensions and similar obligations and certain financial instruments including financing liabilities. The residualvalue risks associated with the Groups operating leases and receivables from financial services are generally borne by the segments which manufactured the leased vehicles. Risk sharing is based on agreements between MercedesBenz Cars MercedesBenz Vans and MercedesBenz Mobility the terms vary by segment and geographic region. Noncurrent assets consist of intangible assets property plant and equipment and equipment on operating leases. Capital expenditures for intangible assets and property plant and equipment reflect the casheffective additions to these intangible assets and property plant and equipment insofar as they do not relate to capitalized borrowing costs or goodwill. Depreciation and amortization may also include impairments insofar as they do not relate to goodwill impairment according to IAS . Amortization of capitalized borrowing costs is not included in the amortization of intangible assets or depreciation of property plant and equipment.

Score 0.427
In a further step Taxonomyalignment must be assessed for Taxonomyeligible economic activities. Only Taxonomyeligible activities can be considered as environmentally sustainable activities or as being Taxonomyaligned provided they meet certain technical screening criteria. Here the fulfilment of certain technical screening criteria with regard to the relevant economic activities must make a substantial contribution to an environmental objective defined by the Taxonomy Regulation and on the basis of defined do no significant harm criteria DNSH criteria also exclude the possibility of significant interference with another environmental objective. It must also be ensured that minimum standards are met with regard to issues such as upholding human rights or combating corruption minimum safeguards.Fulfilment of a substantial contribution to the environmental objective climate change mitigationAccording to the delegated act all vehicles below the current limit value of g CO

Score 0.425
Property plant and equipment as shown in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position with a carrying amount of million also includes rightofuse assets that the Group received as lessee. Property plant and equipment including rightofuse assets developed as shown on the following page. In government grants of million were deducted from the carrying amount of property plant and equipment. The following tables show additional disclosures related to lessee accounting. 

Score 0.422
In the case of manufactured inventories and work in progress manufacturing cost also includes production overheads based on normal capacity. Financial instruments A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity. Financial instruments in the form of financial assets and financial liabilities are generally presented separately. Financial instruments are recognized as soon as the MercedesBenz Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. In the case of purchases or sales of financial assets through the regular market the MercedesBenz Group uses the transaction date as the date of initial recognition or derecognition. Upon initial recognition financial instruments are measured at fair value. For the purpose of subsequent measurement financial instruments are allocated to one of the categories mentioned in IFRS Financial Instruments financial assets measured at amortized cost financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss. Transaction costs directly attributable to acquisition or issuance are considered when determining the carrying amount if the financial instruments are not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Financial assets Financial assets primarily comprise receivables from financial services trade receivables receivables from banks cash on hand derivative financial assets marketable securities and similar investments and financial investments. The classification of financial instruments is based on the business model in which these instruments are held and on their contractual cash flows. The determination of the business model is carried out at the portfolio level and is based on managements intention and past transaction patterns. Assessments of the contractual cash flows are made on an instrumentbyinstrument basis. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Financial assets recognized at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets with cash flows other than those of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding. Furthermore financial assets that are held in a business model other than hold to collect or hold to collect and sell are included here. In addition derivatives including embedded derivatives separated from the host contract which are not classified as hedging instruments in hedge accounting as well as shares and marketable debt securities acquired for the purpose of selling in the short term that are classified as held for trading are included here. Gains or losses on these financial assets are recognized in profit or loss. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are nonderivative financial assets with contractual cash flows that consist solely of payments of principal and interest on the nominal amount outstanding and which are held to collect the contractual cash flows as well as to sell the financial assets e.g. to achieve a defined liquidity target business model hold to collect and sell. This category also includes equity instruments not held for trading for which the option to recognize changes in the fair value of the instrument within other comprehensive income has been applied. 

Score 0.421
Amounts for the transactions designated as hedging instrumentsCurrency risk Interest rate risk Commodity price risk Cash flow hedges Cash flow hedges

Score 0.42
 Other reconciling items and eliminations Segment assets Group Unallocated financial instruments including liquidity and assets from pensions and similar obligations

Score 0.419
YNYNin ETA. TAXONOMYELIGIBLE ACTIVITIESA. Environmentally sustainable activities TaxonomyalignedManufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transportCCM .YNELNELNELNELNELYYETransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehiclesCCM .YNELNELNELNELNELYYInfrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transportCCM ..YNELNELNELNELNELYY ERevenue from environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned A.YYof which enabling activityYYEof which transitional activityTA. Taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not Taxonomyaligned activitiesEL NEL

Score 0.418
InventoriesAt December In millions of euros Raw materials and manufacturing supplies Work in progress Finished goods spare parts and products held for resale Advance payments to suppliers 

Score 0.414
Provisions for other risksProduct warranties Personnel and social costs Litigation risks and regulatory proceedings Others Total In millions of euros Balance at December thereof current thereof noncurrent Additions UtilizationsReversalsCompounding and effects from changes in discount rates Exchangerate effects and other changesBalance at December thereof current thereof noncurrent 

Score 0.414
Manufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transportCCM .ELNELNELNELNELNELTransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehiclesCCM .ELNELNELNELNELNELFreight transport services by roadCCM .ELNELNELNELNELNELSale of secondhand goodsCE .NELNELNELELNELNEL

Score 0.414
Provisions for liability and litigation risks and regulatory proceedings comprise costs for various legal proceedings claims and governmental investigations which can lead in particular to payments of compensation punitive damages or other costly actions. They primarily include risks from litigation and regulatory proceedings in relation to MercedesBenz diesel vehicles. The cash outflows in relation to noncurrent provisions are primarily expected within a period until . Further information on liability and litigation risks and regulatory proceedings is provided in Note . 

Score 0.413
 The carrying amounts of derivative financial instruments used in hedge accounting are not included in the table as these financial instruments are not assigned to a measurement category. This does not include lease receivables of million million as these are not assigned to a measurement category. These amounts relate to derivative financial instruments that are not included in hedge accounting. This does not include liabilities from lease transactions of million million as these are not assigned to a measurement category. This does not include financial guarantees of million million as these are not assigned to a measurement category. 

Score 0.409
 vehicles rose by to saloons estates coups and cabriolets. EClass

Score 0.409
st line Operational unitsnd line Governance functionsrd line Independent audit 

Score 0.409
YNYNin ETA. TAXONOMYELIGIBLE ACTIVITIESA. Environmentally sustainable activities TaxonomyalignedManufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transportCCM .YNNELNELNELNELYYETransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehiclesCCM .YNELNELNELNELNELYYInfrastructure enabling lowcarbon road transport and public transportCCM .YNELNELNELNELNELYY

Score 0.406
 This mainly comprises the equitymethod carrying amount of BAIC Motor. Unless these are attributable to MercedesBenz Mobility. 

Score 0.406
The incremental cost of obtaining contracts is recognized as an expense when incurred if the amortization period would be no longer than one year. The MercedesBenz Group does not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component if at contract inception it is expected that the period between the transfer of a promised asset or service to a customer and payment by the customer will be no longer than one year. Revenue also includes revenue from the rental and leasing business as well as interest from the financial services business at MercedesBenz Mobility. Revenue generated from operating leases is recognized on a straightline basis over the periods of the contracts. In addition sales revenue is generated at the end of lease contracts from the subsequent sale of the vehicles. Revenue from receivables from financial services is recognized using the effectiveinterest method. The MercedesBenz Group uses a variety of sales promotion programmes dependent on various market conditions in individual countries as well as the respective product life cycles and productrelated factors such as amounts of discounts offered by competitors excess industry production capacity the intensity of market competition and consumer demand for the products. These programmes comprise cash offers to dealers and customers as well as lease subsidies or loans at reduced interest rates which are reported as followsRevenue is recognized net of sales reductions such as cash discounts and sales incentives granted.When loans are issued below market rates related receivables are recognized at present value using market rates and revenue is reduced for the interest incentive granted.If subsidised leasing fees are agreed upon in connection with finance leases revenue from the sale of a vehicle is reduced by the amount of the interest incentive granted. Research and noncapitalized development costs Expenditure for research and development that does not meet the conditions for capitalization according to IAS Intangible Assets is expensed as incurred. Borrowing costs Borrowing costs are expensed as incurred unless they are directly attributable to the acquisition construction or production of a qualifying asset and are therefore part of the acquisition or manufacturing costs of that asset. Depreciation of the capitalized borrowing costs is presented within cost of sales. Government grants Government grants related to assets are deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in earnings over the life of a depreciable asset as a reduced depreciation expense. Government grants which compensate the Group for expenses are recognized as other operating income in the same period as the expenses themselves. 

Score 0.406
 Other reconciling items and eliminations Segment liabilities Group Unallocated financial instruments and liabilities from pensions and similar obligations

Score 0.403
YNYNin ETA. TAXONOMYELIGIBLE ACTIVITIESA. Environmentally sustainable activities TaxonomyalignedManufacture of lowcarbon technologies for transportCCM .YNELNELNELNELNELYYEOperating expenditure of environmentally sustainable activities Taxonomyaligned A.YYof which enabling activity YYEof which transitional activityTA. Taxonomyeligible activities that are not environmentally sustainable not Taxonomyaligned activitiesEL NEL

Score 0.401
Investments in property plant and equipment

Score 0.4
	 The investments in property plant and equipment correspond to additions to property plant and equipment in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Score 0.369
Other operating income In millions of euros Income from costs recharged Government grants Gains on sales of property plant and equipment Rental income not relating to sales financing Income from company transactions Other miscellaneous income 

Score 0.365
Other operating expense In millions of euros Losses on sales of property plant and equipment Loss from deconsolidation Other miscellaneous expense 

Score 0.299
By resolution of the Annual General Meeting on July the Board of Management is authorized with the consent of the Supervisory Board until July to acquire treasury shares in a volume up to of the share capital issued as of the day of the resolution or if this is lower of the share capital existing at the time of the authorization being exercised to be used for all permissible purposes. The shares can be used among other things with the exclusion of shareholders subscription rights for business combinations or to acquire companies or to be sold to third parties for cash at a price that is not significantly lower than the stockexchange price of the Companys shares. The acquired shares can also be used to fulfil obligations from issued convertible bonds andor bonds with warrants and to be issued to employees of the Company and employees and board members of the Companys subsidiaries pursuant to Sections et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act AktG. The treasury shares can also be cancelled. In a volume up to of the share capital issued as of the day of the resolution of the Annual General Meeting the Board of Management is authorized with the consent of the Supervisory Board to acquire treasury shares also by using derivatives put options call options forward purchases or a combination of these instruments whereby the term of a derivative must not exceed months and must not end later than July . 

Score 0.042
Share buyback programmes 

Score 0.198
 Average number for the active workforce including holiday workers. With the implementation of the European Sustainability Reporting Standards as of the number of employees becomes a further criterion for the inclusion of an entity within the scope of consolidation. The average number of employees of nonconsolidated subsidiaries is employees. They will therefore be included within the scope of consolidation from the year but are not included in the above figure. Proportionally including employees from a proportionately consolidated company. 

Score 0.245
On the basis of the authorization to acquire the Companys own shares given by the Annual General Meeting on July the Board of Management with the approval of the Supervisory Board resolved a share buyback programme on February . The acquisition of treasury shares worth up to billion not including incidental costs on the stock exchange over a period of up to two years began on March . The repurchased shares are to be cancelled at a later date. MercedesBenz Group AG has separately agreed with Beijing Automotive Group Co. Ltd. and Geely Group that they will each keep their share in all voting shares of MercedesBenz Group AG below by divesting their shares on a prorata basis concurrently with the share buyback programme. From March to December as part of the share buyback programme million of the Companys own shares were repurchased at a purchase price of million representing million or . of the share capital. The purchase price was recorded under treasury shares together with a liability of million for buyback obligations. On February MercedesBenz Group AG has resolved to implement a share buyback policy. Based on such policy the future Free Cash Flow from the industrial business as available post potential smallscale MA generated beyond the approximately dividend payout ratio of Group net profit shall be used to fund share buybacks with the purpose of redeeming shares. In this context MercedesBenz Group AG moreover has resolved to conduct a further share buyback programme through which it is intended to acquire own shares worth up to billion not including incidental costs on the stock exchange and to then cancel them. The further share buyback programme will be based on the authorization by the Annual General Meeting of MercedesBenz Group AG on July authorizing the Board of Management to acquire with the approval of the Supervisory Board own shares up to a maximum of of the share capital until July . It is scheduled to commence immediately after the conclusion of the ongoing share buyback programme announced on February and is expected to be completed before the expiry of the Annual General Meetings abovementioned authorization. Future share buyback programmes are subject to the necessary resolutions of the companys corporate bodies required in each individual case. 

Score 0.268
In the first quarter of as in the previous year MercedesBenz Group AG purchased . million shares of MercedesBenz Group AG for the employee share purchase plan pursuant to Section Subsection No. of the German Stock Corporation Act AktG. The purchase was carried out without utilizing the authorization to acquire treasury shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on July . The shares which were reissued to group employees were purchased for a price of million and represented . million or . of the share capital . million shares of MercedesBenz Group AG representing . million or . of the share capital were purchased for a price of million. 

Score 0.166
Treasury shares 

Score 0.315
The composition of other operating income is shown in the following table. 

Score 0.372
. Other operating income and expense 

Score 0.354
 MercedesBenz Vans MercedesBenz Mobility Central Functions Services 

Score 0.104
Employee share purchase plan 

Score 0.328
. Trade receivables 

Score 0.064
Average number of employees

Score 0.181
The following table shows the components of interest income and interest expense. 

Score 0.194
Components of income tax expense In millions of euros Current taxes Deferred taxes Deferred taxes due to temporary differences Deferred taxes due to taxloss carryforwards and tax credits 

Score 0.233
The following table shows the components of income tax expense. 

Score 0.167
. Income taxes 

Score 0.12
Due to the global increase in interest rates net interest incomeexpense improved in . 

Score 0.288
The Annual General Meeting held on May authorized the Board of Management again to increase the share capital by up to a total of . billion by May with the approval of the Supervisory Board against cash andor noncash contributions Approved Capital . The authorization enables the exclusion of shareholders subscription rights under certain conditions and within defined limits subject to the consent of the Supervisory Board. No use has been made of the Approved Capital for which the authorization period ended on April and no use has been made of the Approved Capital to date.

Score 0.252
Interest income and interest expense In millions of euros Interest income Net interest income on the net assets of defined benefit pension plans Interest and similar income Interest expense Net interest expense on the net obligation from defined benefit pension plans Interest and similar expense 

Score 0.25
. Interest income and interest expense 

Score 0.264
By resolution of the Annual General Meeting on July the Board of Management is authorized with the consent of the Supervisory Board until July to issue convertible andor warrant bonds or a combination of these instruments bonds with a total face value of up to . billion and a maturity of no more than ten years. The Board of Management is allowed to grant the holders of these bonds conversion or warrant rights for new registered noparvalue shares in MercedesBenz Group AG with an allocable portion of the share capital of up to million in accordance with the details defined in the terms and conditions of the bonds. The bonds can be offered in exchange for cash andor noncash contributions in particular for shares in other companies. The terms and conditions of the bonds can include warranty obligations or conversion obligations. The bonds can be issued once or several times wholly or in instalments or simultaneously in various tranches as well as by subsidiaries of the Company within the meaning of Sections et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act AktG. Among other things the Board of Management was also authorized to exclude shareholders subscription rights for the bonds under certain conditions and within defined limits subject to the consent of the Supervisory Board. In order to fulfil the conditions of the abovementioned authorization the Annual General Meeting on July also resolved to increase the share capital conditionally by an amount of up to million Conditional Capital . No use was made of this authorization to issue convertible andor warrant bonds during the reporting period.

Score 0.328
Miscellaneous other financial incomeexpense mainly includes net income previous year net expenses from the measurement of financial assets and liabilities. 

Score 0.33
Other financial incomeexpense net In millions of euros Income and expense from compounding and effects from changes in discount rates of provisions for other risksIncome from equity instruments Expense from equity instrumentsMiscellaneous other financial incomeexpense net 

Score 0.268
The following table shows the components of other financial incomeexpense net. 

Score 0.266
. Other financial incomeexpense 

Score 0.373
The decrease in other operating expense was primarily due to lower expenses in connection with ongoing official and legal proceedings and measures relating to MercedesBenz diesel vehicles. They are included in other miscellaneous expense. Other miscellaneous expense also includes expenses from hyperinflation accounting and other operating expense charged to third parties. The loss of million from the deconsolidation of the shares in the Russian subsidiaries booked in other operating expense in is mainly attributable to the MercedesBenz Mobility segment. In the valuation and disposal of operating investments and business activities of the MercedesBenz Mobility segments commercial vehicle business included net expense of million excluding transaction costs which was reported in the reconciliation.

Score 0.078
Conditional capital 

Score 0.138
 MercedesBenz Cars

Score 0.223
Research and noncapitalized development costs were million in million and primarily comprise personnel expenses and material costs. 

Score 0.312
Personnel expenses included in the Consolidated Statement of Income for amounted to million million. Personnel expenses comprise wages and salaries in the amount of million million socialsecurity contributions in the amount of million million and expenses from pension obligations in the amount of million million. The average number of people employed in the reporting year are shown in the following table. 

Score 0.145
Shares in subsidiaries 

Score 0.223
Other reserves 

Score 0.156
Sale of interests in MercedesBenz Grand Prix Ltd. In the fourth quarter of the MercedesBenz Group signed the contractual agreements with Motorsports Invest Ltd. and INEOS Industries Holdings Ltd. on the sale of shares of MercedesBenz Grand Prix Ltd. Some of the agreements concluded already took effect in . When the other agreements became effective in January the Group lost control over MercedesBenz Grand Prix Ltd. and included the remaining . interest in the company in the Consolidated Financial Statements using the equity method. The sale of the shares resulted in other operating income of million in the MercedesBenz Cars segment in the first quarter of . The purchase price payment agreed for resulted in a cash inflow of million. 

Score 0.207
Shares in associated companies 

Score 0.299
Other reserves comprise accumulated unrealized gainslosses from currency translation of the financial statements of the consolidated foreign companies and accumulated unrealized gainslosses on financial assets derivative financial instruments and equitymethod investments. The changes in other reserves are included in other comprehensive incomeloss and are presented in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive IncomeLoss. In other comprehensive incomeloss gainslosses on equitymethod investments that may be reclassified to profitloss in the statement of income in the future includes a loss of million gain of million from accumulated unrealized gainslosses from currency translation. 

Score 0.342
costs which were reported in the reconciliation in the segment reporting. Income of million was realized for the operating investments and business activities disposed of in in particular in the MercedesBenz Cars segment. In total expenses from the realization of the currency reserve of million were recognized. In there were no significant effects on the profitability liquidity and capital resources and financial position. Sale of foreign retail activities and other sales companies Agreements on the sale of further sales activities in other European countries were concluded in . The disposals are to take place successively over the course of . The criteria for classification as assets and liabilities held for distribution or sale are met as of December . The assets of . billion and liabilities of . billion are therefore reported as assets and liabilities held for sale in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position of December in accordance with IFRS . Of the assets . billion is attributable to the MercedesBenz Cars segment and . billion to the MercedesBenz Vans segment. Assets mainly comprise inventories of . billion property plant and equipment of . billion and trade receivables of . billion. The liabilities which are almost entirely attributable to the MercedesBenz Cars segment mainly include financing liabilities to financial institutions of . billion. In January the Group divested its retail activities in Italy. There were no significant effects on the profitability liquidity and capital resources and financial position. The sales company in Greece and other dealers in Europe were already sold in the course of . The disposals resulted in income of million. The cash inflow amounted to a total of million. The effects are mainly allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment. In addition further retail activities in various countries in particular those allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment were sold in . The disposals resulted in income of million and cash inflows of million. In December the contractual arrangements on the sale of the retail activities in Canada were concluded. The transaction became effective in February and the Group recognized other operating income of million which was mainly allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment. The cash inflow amounted to million and was also mainly allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment. Parts of the purchase price were financed by MercedesBenz Financial Services in Canada and led to a cash outflow of million at the MercedesBenz Mobility segment. Sale of Indonesian sales and production entitiesThe MercedesBenz Group sold its subsidiaries in Indonesia to a local investor with effect from September . The sale of both companies resulted in an income of million and a cash inflow of million which are allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment. Assets decreased by million and liabilities by million as a result of deconsolidation. 

Score 0.283
Sale of the shares in the Russian subsidiaries On March the MercedesBenz Group decided to stop exporting cars and vans to Russia and to cease local production in Russia until further notice. At the end of October the MercedesBenz Group signed contracts with the Russian car dealer Avtodom AO for the sale of the shares in the Russian subsidiaries. A degree of discretion has been exercised in the consideration and subsequent derivation of the effects of the sanctions and countersanctions on the business activities. The recognition and valuation of the assets and liabilities due to the discontinuation of the business activities in Russia in particular the processing of existing transactions resulted in expenses of around . billion in the automotive segments in . Total expenses of around . billion resulted from the measurement of credit default risks and increased refinancing expenses in the segment MercedesBenz Mobility. The bulk of the expenses were included in cost of sales. As of December completion of the transaction was still subject to authorities approval and the implementation of the contractually agreed conditions. With the closing of the transaction on April the shares of Russian subsidiaries were deconsolidated. The sale of the Russian subsidiaries resulted in no significant cash inflow. This led to a cash outflow in the amount of the disposed cash and cash equivalents of million which is mainly attributable to the MercedesBenz Mobility segment. The assets of million disposed of with the deconsolidation essentially include property plant and equipment of million and receivables from financial services of million. In addition cash and cash equivalents of million are included. The disposed liabilities of million include in particular provisions of million and financing liabilities of million. The Group had issued a global guarantee for the financing liabilities to financial institutions which ended when the transaction was completed. The contingent liabilities reported as of December in connection with the cessation of business activities in Russia were also derecognized upon completion of the transaction. The transaction costs amounted to million. After realizing the currency reserve of million a loss on disposal of million resulted. This was reported in other operating expenses. Expenses of million were attributable to the MercedesBenz Mobility segment the MercedesBenz Cars and MercedesBenz Vans segments generated income of million and million respectively. Sale of Daimlers commercial vehicle business With the completion of the spinoff and hivedown of the Daimler commercial vehicle business substantial parts of the former Daimler commercial vehicle business including the associated financial services business were deconsolidated on December . The initially remaining financial services of the Daimler commercial vehicle business were sold to Daimler Truck Holding AG or its subsidiaries in . At the MercedesBenz Mobility segment assets of million and liabilities of million were disposed of on or before December . In addition in individual countries investments in operating entities or business operations of the former commercial vehicle business were sold to external third parties in . Assets of million and liabilities of million mainly allocated to the MercedesBenz Cars segment were disposed of on or before December . The Group received million from the in the prior year partially still preliminary purchase prices in including the repayment of the existing intraGroup financing liabilities of the companies and business activities within the MercedesBenz Group. The valuation and sale and the transfer of the MercedesBenz Mobility companies resulted in net expenses of million in excluding transaction 

Score 0.305
The structured entities of the Group are mainly assetbackedsecurities ABS companies and special funds. The ABS companies are primarily used for the Groups refinancing. The receivables transferred to structured entities usually result from the leasing and salesfinancing business. Those entities refinance the purchase price by issuing securities. The special funds are set up in particular in order to diversify the capitalinvestment strategy. At the reporting date the Group has business relationships with controlled structured entities of which all are fully consolidated. In addition as in the previous year the Group has relationships with one noncontrolled structured entity. 

Score 0.208
Personnel expenses and average number of employees 

Score 0.187
Structured entities 

Score 0.295
The overall number of subsidiaries has decreased slightly. Consolidated subsidiaries and an equitymethod associated company were established for the charging activities of electric vehicles. The main disposals are described in the following sections. 

Score 0.265
International Joint ventures accounted for using the equity method Germany International Associated companies accounted for using the equity method Germany International Joint operations joint ventures associated companies accounted for at amortized cost and substantial other investments recognized at fair value Germany International Total 

Score 0.179
Composition of the GroupAt December Consolidated subsidiaries Germany International Unconsolidated subsidiaries Germany International Joint operations accounted for using proportionate consolidation Germany

Score 0.297
The following table shows the composition of the Group. A detailed list of the companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the equity investments of the MercedesBenz Group pursuant to Section of the German Commercial Code HGB is provided in the statement of investments. Further information is provided in Note . The aggregate totals in the statement of financial position of the subsidiaries associated companies joint ventures and joint operations accounted for at amortized cost whose business is nonactive or of low volume and which are not material for the Group and the fair presentation of its profitability liquidity and capital resources and financial position would amount at most of the Groups total assets the aggregate revenue and the aggregate net profit would amount at most of the Groups revenue and net profit. 

Score 0.135
. Consolidated Group Composition of the Group 

Score 0.274
Under the German Stock Corporation Act AktG the dividend is paid out of the distributable profit reported in the Annual Financial Statements of MercedesBenz Group AG parent company only in accordance with the German Commercial Code HGB. The management will propose to the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting the payment of million of the distributable profit of MercedesBenz Group AG for the financial year as a dividend to the shareholders equivalent to . per noparvalue share entitled to a dividend and the transfer of million to retained earnings. A portion of million of the amount proposed for allocation to retained earnings is attributable to . million treasury shares not entitled to dividends held directly or indirectly by the company on December . As the number of treasury shares held directly or indirectly by the Company will change before the Annual General Meeting due to the ongoing share buyback programme a proposal for a correspondingly adjusted resolution will be submitted to the Annual General Meeting. With an unchanged dividend of . per noparvalue share entitled to a dividend the portion of the distributable profit to be transferred into retained earnings and the total distribution amount will be adjusted accordingly. For the financial year in accordance with the adjusted proposal for the appropriation of profits the Annual General Meeting resolved that million . per noparvalue share entitled to a dividend be distributed to the shareholders from the distributable profit and the portion of million from the distributable profit attributable to the . million treasury shares not entitled to dividends held by MercedesBenz Group AG at the time of the Annual General Meeting be allocated to retained earnings. 

Score 0.372
Other revenue primarily comprises revenue from the rental and leasing business of million million interest from the financial services business at MercedesBenz Mobility recognized using the effectiveinterest method in an amount of million million and effects from currency hedging. Interest from the financial services business includes financial income on the net investment in leases of million million. 

Score 0.287
Retained earnings comprise the accumulated net profits and losses of all companies included in MercedesBenz Groups Consolidated Financial Statements less any profits distributed. In addition the remeasuring of defined benefit plans and the corresponding effects arising from equitymethod investments and the respective related deferred taxes are presented within retained earnings. In other comprehensive incomeloss gainslosses on equitymethod investments that will not be reclassified to profitloss in the statement of income includes a loss of million gain of million from effects of remeasuring of defined benefit plans. 

Score 0.321
RevenueMercedesBenz CarsMercedesBenz VansMercedesBenz MobilityTotal segmentsReconciliationMercedesBenz GroupIn millions of euros Europe North America Asia Other markets Revenue according to IFRS Other revenue Total revenue 

Score 0.152
 The reconciliation includes eliminations of intraGroup revenue between the segments.

Score 0.32
. Functional costs Cost of sales 

Score 0.392
Cost of sales In millions of euros Expense of goods sold Depreciation of equipment on operating leases Refinancing costs at MercedesBenz Mobility Impairment losses on receivables from financial services Other cost of sales 

Score 0.353
In the cost of sales were primarily affected by expenses paid to suppliers due to additional costs relating to inflation and supply chains. In contrast lower raw material prices had a positive impact on the cost of sales. Refinancing costs at MercedesBenz Mobility are rising due to higher interest rates compared to the previous year. In the prior year cost of sales were impacted by expenses in connection with the discontinuation of the business activities in Russia. The amortization expense of capitalized development costs in the amount of million million is presented in expense of goods sold. 

Score 0.201
Retained earnings 

Score 0.316
Capital reserves primarily comprise premiums arising on the issue of shares as well as expenses relating to the exercise of the up to exercisable stock option plans and the issue of employee shares effects from changes in ownership interests in consolidated entities and directly attributable related transaction costs. 

Score 0.241
Selling expenses 