Scores_k_FINANCIAL AND INSURANCE ACTIVITIESScore 0.581
. Other Financial Assets 

Score 0.579
 millions Fixedinterest instruments Financial assets . . Financial liabilities . . Floatingrate instruments Financial assets . . Financial liabilities . . 

Score 0.573
. Other Financial Liabilities 

Score 0.551
. Financial Instruments 

Score 0.524
On subsequent remeasurement of a disposal group the carrying amounts of any assets and liabilities that are not within the scope of the measurement requirements of IFRS Noncurrent Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations but are included in a disposal group classified as held for sale shall be remeasured in accordance with the applicable IFRS before the fair value less costs to sell of the disposal group is remeasured. A discontinued operation can also be classified as held for sale under IFRS . A discontinued operation is a component of an entity that either has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale and represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. The classification of a component of an entity as a discontinued operation is also appropriate in the case of classification as held for distribution provided the criteria are met. Financial instruments A financial instrument as defined in IAS Financial Instruments Presentation is a contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity. In the Continental Group a purchase or sale of financial assets or financial liabilities is recognized or derecognized at the settlement date. Financial assets Financial assets are recognized in the statement of financial position as at the date Continental becomes a contractual party to the financial instrument. At the acquisition date they must be classified into measurement categories that determine the subsequent accounting. Receivables from the receivables factoring programs carried out in the Continental Group are recognized in the statement of financial position when the risks and rewards in particular credit and default risk have not been essentially transferred. The repayment obligations therefrom are as a rule then shown as shortterm financial liabilities. The classification and measurement of financial assets that constitute debt instruments is based on the business model in which the assets are managed and on their cash flow characteristics. These conditions are cumulative criteria whose audit sequence is irrelevant. It is therefore necessary to analyze the business model in which the asset to be classified is held. This relates to the investigation of the way in which financial assets held in order to collect cash flows are managed. The Continental Group reclassifies debt instruments if the corresponding business model changes. IFRS Financial Instruments distinguishes between three business models 

Score 0.523
Amounts receivable from related parties related primarily to loans to associates. Loans to third parties related mainly to loans to customers with various maturities and tenant loans for individual properties. Amounts receivable from employees related mainly to preliminary payments for hourly wages and for other advances. In particular other amounts receivable include investment subsidies for research and development expenses not yet utilized and amounts receivable from suppliers. The carrying amounts of the other financial assets are essentially their fair values. Please see Note for information on the default risks in relation to other financial assets. 

Score 0.522
FVOCIwoR . . . . Derivative instruments and interestbearing investments Derivative instruments not accounted for as effective hedging instruments FVPL . . . Debt instruments FVPL . . . Debt instruments at cost . . Trade accounts receivable without lease receivables Trade accounts receivable at cost . . Bank drafts FVOCIwR . . . Trade accounts receivable FVPL . . . Other financial assets without lease receivables Other financial assets FVPL . . . . Other financial assets at cost . . Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at cost . . Cash and cash equivalents FVPL . . . Financial assets without lease receivables . . . . . Indebtedness without lease liabilities Derivative instruments not accounted for as effective hedging instruments FVPL . . . Other indebtedness at cost . . . . Trade accounts payable at cost . . Other financial liabilities at cost . . Financial liabilities without lease liabilities . . . . Aggregated according to categories as defined in IFRS Financial assets FVOCIwR . Financial assets FVOCIwoR . Financial assets FVPL . Financial assets at cost . Financial liabilities FVPL . Financial liabilities at cost . Excluding investments in unconsolidated affiliated companies.

Score 0.52
. . . . . . Derivative instruments . . . . . . Lease liabilities . . . . . . Liabilities from saleofreceivables programs . . . . Other indebtedness

Score 0.515
. Provisions for Other Risks and Obligations 

Score 0.508
 millions Defined benefit obligations . . . . . Fund assets . . . . . Funded status . . . . . Remeasurement of plan liabilities . . . . . Remeasurement of plan assets . . . . . 

Score 0.506
The carrying amount comprises the following items of the statement of financial position 

Score 0.504
. . . . . . . . . . . . Asset ceiling . . . . Carrying amount . . . . . . . . . . . . Difference between fund assets and defined benefit obligations. 

Score 0.498
 Total The portfolio structure of the fund assets in Germany excludes the pension contribution funds whose assets are invested mainly in fixedincome securities and shares. This refers to investment products that aim to achieve a positive return regardless of market fluctuations. Annuities are insurance contracts that guarantee pension payments. 

Score 0.495
. . . . Other liabilities . . . . Miscellaneous liabilities also include other liabilities to related parties. Please see Note . 

Score 0.492
For the current and four preceding reporting periods the amounts of the defined benefit obligations fund assets funded status as well as the remeasurement of plan liabilities and plan assets are as follows 

Score 0.491
 millions Automotive Tires ContiTech Contract Manufacturing Other Holding Consolidation Continental Group Total assets . . . . . . Cash and cash equivalents . . Short and longterm derivative instruments interestbearing investments . . Other financial assets . . . . . . Less financial assets . . . . . . Less other nonoperating assets . . . . . . Deferred tax assets . . Income tax receivables . . Less income tax assets . . Segment assets . . . . . . Total liabilities and provisions . . . . . . Short and longterm indebtedness . . Other financial liabilities . . Less financial liabilities . . Deferred tax liabilities . . Income tax payables . . Less income tax liabilities . . Less other nonoperating liabilities . . . . . . Segment liabilities . . . . . . Operating assets . . . . . . 

Score 0.486
The following income and expenses from financial instruments were recognized in the consolidated statement of income 

Score 0.485
Net gains and losses from interest Other net gains and losses Total net gains and losses millions Financial assets at cost . . . . . . Financial assets and liabilities FVPL . . . . . . Financial assets FVOCI . . . . . . Financial liabilities at cost . . . . . . 

Score 0.483
The following total personnel expenses are included in function costs in the income statement 

Score 0.482
monitored provided this information is available. In addition Continental sets investment limits for each bank and trading limits for derivative instruments. The amount of these limits is based on the creditworthiness of the respective bank. Compliance with these limits is continuously monitored. Within the internally defined risk groups the cash and cash equivalents interestbearing investments and positive net fair values of derivative instruments held at banks assigned to a higher risk group range from million to million. 

Score 0.482
Holdtocollect and sale This business model aims to collect the contractual cash flows or sell the financial assets. This business model does occur for example in connection with notes receivable but is fundamentally of subordinate importance in the Continental Group. 

Score 0.479
the recognition and measurement of liabilities and provisions in particular the actuarial parameters for pensions and similar obligations used to determine defined benefit obligations. 

Score 0.479
. Contingent Liabilities and Other Financial Obligations 

Score 0.477
The tables below show the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and liabilities whereby noncurrent and current items are presented together. In addition the relevant measurement categories are shown according to IFRS Financial Instruments and the levels of the fair value hierarchy relevant for calculating fair value according to IFRS Fair Value Measurement. 

Score 0.476
 millions See Note December December Subscribed capital . . Capital reserves . . Retained earnings . . Other comprehensive income . . Equity attributable to the shareholders of the parent . . Noncontrolling interests . . Total equity . . Longterm employee benefits . . Deferred tax liabilities . . Longterm provisions for other risks and obligations . . Longterm indebtedness . . Longterm other financial liabilities . . Longterm contract liabilities . . Longterm other liabilities . . Noncurrent liabilities . . Shortterm employee benefits . . Trade accounts payable . . Shortterm contract liabilities . . Income tax payables . . Shortterm provisions for other risks and obligations . . Shortterm indebtedness . . Shortterm other financial liabilities . . Shortterm other liabilities . . Current liabilities . . Total equity and liabilities . . 

Score 0.476
. Other Liabilities 

Score 0.473
 Cash cash equivalents and other Annuities

Score 0.471
Interest income and expense from financial instruments is reported in the financial result Note . Dividend income from financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income is explained under Income from Investments Note . Collateral As at December a total of . million PY . million of financial assets had been pledged as collateral. In the year under review as in the previous year collateral mainly consisted of trade accounts receivable assigned as collateral for liabilities from saleofreceivables programs. The remainder related to pledged cash or other financial assets. Risk management of financial instruments Due to its international business activities and the resulting financing requirements the Continental Group is exposed to default risks risks from changes in exchanges rates and variable interest rates and liquidity risk. The management of these risks is described in the following sections. In addition hedging instruments are used in the Continental Group. Their use is covered by corporatewide policies adherence to which is regularly reviewed by internal auditors. Internal settlement risks are minimized through the clear segregation of functional areas. Further information about the risks presented below and about risk management can be found in the report on risks and opportunities in the consolidated management report. . Default risks Default risks from trade accounts receivable contract assets or other financial assets include the risk that receivables will be collected late or not at all if a customer or another contractual party does not fulfill its contractual obligations. The total of the positive carrying amounts is equivalent to the maximum default risk of the Continental Group from financial assets. Default risk is influenced mainly by characteristics of the customers and the sector and is therefore analyzed and monitored by central and local credit managers. The responsibilities of the credit management function also include pooled receivables risk management. Contractual partners creditworthiness and payment history are analyzed on a regular basis. Default risk for nonderivative financial receivables is also limited by ensuring that agreements are entered into with partners with proven creditworthiness only or that collateral is provided or in individual cases trade credit insurance is agreed. The Continental Group held an immaterial amount of collateral as at December . There are no trade accounts receivable or contract assets for which an impairment loss was not recognized due to collateral held. However default risk cannot be excluded with absolute certainty and any remaining risk is addressed by recognizing expected credit losses for identified individual risks and on the basis of experience taking account of any relevant future components. Financial assets that are neither past due nor impaired accordingly have a prime credit rating. Default risks are calculated on the basis of corporatewide standards. The methods for calculating loss allowances are described in Note of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Trade accounts receivable and contract assets If the creditworthiness of receivables is impaired corresponding expenses are recognized in an allowance account. Lifetime expected credit losses are largely calculated using estimates and assessments based on the creditworthiness of the respective customer current economic developments and the analysis of historical losses on receivables. The creditworthiness of a customer is assessed on the basis of its payment history and its ability to make payments. It is regularly reviewed whether there is a need to take account of any risks in connection with different customer groups sectors or countries. No such allocation of default risk was required in . Continental calculates the default rates for lifetime expected credit losses based on a threeyear average taking account of the historical defaults allocated to the different periods past due and generally also taking account of a forwardlooking component. Trade accounts receivable and contract assets whose creditworthiness is already impaired are not taken into account when calculating lifetime expected credit losses. There were no significant effects on expected credit losses from the modification of cash flows. 

Score 0.469
Financial Position 

Score 0.466
Respective financial instruments not netted Net amount Carrying amounts

Score 0.464
Financial instruments allocated to the FVOCIwoR measurement category are classified as such because they are held over a long term for strategic purposes. For financial instruments accounted for at FVOCIwoR for which there are no quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments Level or for similar instruments or for which there are no applicable measurement methods in which all major input factors are based on observable market data Level the fair value must be calculated using a measurement method for which the major input factors are based on nonobservable market data Level . If external valuation reports or information from other financing rounds is available these are used. If such information is not available the measurement is performed according to the measurement method that is deemed appropriate and realizable in each case for example according to the discounted cash flow method or by valuation according to multiples using ratios based on purchase prices for comparable transactions. Measurement at amortized cost is only considered the best estimate of the fair value of financial assets if the most recent information available for fair value measurement is insufficient. Financial instruments accounted for at FVOCIwoR are centrally monitored with regard to any changes to the major nonobservable input factors and continuously checked for changes in value. Please see Note for information on the changes in carrying amounts of other investments. For reasons of materiality a sensitivity analysis is not required. The accounting and measurement methods applied are described in Note of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The fair values of other indebtedness were derived from existing quotations on an active market Level or alternatively were determined by discounting all future cash flows at the applicable interest rates for the corresponding residual maturities taking into account a companyspecific credit spread Level provided their carrying amounts as at the reporting date are not approximately equivalent to their fair values. The other financial instruments measured at cost generally have short remaining terms. As a result the carrying amounts as at the end of the reporting period are as a rule approximately their fair values and are not shown in the fair value hierarchy in the table. The following table shows the changes to financial instruments at Level 

Score 0.462
Other This business model constitutes a catchall category. This model occurs in the Continental Group in connection with recognized trade accounts receivable from third parties which will probably be sold under a true saleofreceivables factoring agreement however it is fundamentally of subordinate importance in the Continental Group. In addition to the analysis of the business model the contractual terms applicable on acquisition of the financial instrument must also be assessed SPPI solely payments of principal and interest criterion. The SPPI criterion is met when the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding are consistent with a basic lending arrangement. 

Score 0.462
With regard to the development of investments in equityaccounted investees please refer to Note . 

Score 0.462
 Statement of financial position Noncurrent assets millions . . . . . . . . . . Current assets millions . . . . . . . . . . Total assets millions . . . . . . . . . . Shareholders equity excl. noncontrolling interests millions . . . . . . . . . . Noncontrolling interests millions . . . . . . . . . . Total equity incl. noncontrolling interests millions . . . . . . . . . . Equity ratio

Score 0.46
The amounts for the defined benefit obligations funded status and remeasurement of plan liabilities for the current and four preceding reporting periods are as follows 

Score 0.459
 millions Automotive . . Tires . . ContiTech . . Contract Manufacturing . . OtherHoldingConsolidation . . EBIT . . Financial result . . Earnings before tax . . Income tax expense . . Net income . . Noncontrolling interests . . Net income attributable to the shareholders of the parent . . 

Score 0.459
Financial Risks 

Score 0.459
Measured at cost The financial asset which constitutes a debt instrument is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect contractual cash flows. Furthermore the contractual cash flows can be characterized as payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Interest income is recognized in the financial result using the effective interest method. Gains or losses arising from derecognition are recognized in profit or loss together with the foreigncurrency gains and losses. Impairment losses are likewise recognized separately in the income statement. 

Score 0.456
December December millions Shortterm Longterm Shortterm Longterm Liabilities to related parties . . Liabilities for selling expenses . . Purchase prices payable on company acquisitions . . Miscellaneous financial liabilities . . . . Other financial liabilities . . . . 

Score 0.455
. Assets Held for Sale 

Score 0.454
 In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.454
Miscellaneous liabilities mainly include excess payments by customers and other liabilities to related parties. 

Score 0.453
 millions Interest income . . Interest and similar expenses . . Interest expenses from lease liabilities . . Interest effects from noncurrent liabilities . . Interest effects from longterm employee benefits and from pension funds . . Interest expense . . Effects from currency translation . . Effects from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments . . Other valuation effects . . Effects from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments and other valuation effects . . Financial result . . 

Score 0.452
Auditing of financial statements The Supervisory Board has also specified the following targets for its composition 

Score 0.452
. . Derivative instruments with gross settlement cash inflows

Score 0.45
 millions December December Liabilities on guarantees . . Liabilities on warranties . . Risks from taxation and customs . . Other financial obligations . . Other contingent liabilities . . Contingent liabilities and other financial obligations . . 

Score 0.45
Holdtocollect The objective of this business model is to hold the financial assets and generate the contractual cash flows. This model is the prevalent business model in the Continental Group. 

Score 0.449
Glossary of Financial Terms 

Score 0.449
The portfolio structures of the pension funds at the measurement date for the fiscal years and are as follows 

Score 0.449
On the basis of the aforementioned conditions a distinction is drawn between the following measurement categories for financial assets that constitute debt instruments 

Score 0.445
In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. In addition the assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas was adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly for both factors.

Score 0.445
Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 

Score 0.445
. Companies Consolidated and Information on Subsidiaries and Investments 

Score 0.444
 millions in Automotive . . . Tires . . . ContiTech . . . Contract Manufacturing . . . OtherHoldingConsolidation . . . EBIT . . . Financial result . . . Earnings before tax . . . Income tax expense . . . Net income . . . Noncontrolling interests . . . Net income attributable to the shareholders of the parent . . . 

Score 0.443
IFRIC. International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee predecessor of the IFRS IC. IFRS. International Financial Reporting Standards. The standards are developed and resolved by the IASB. In a broad sense they also include the IAS the interpretations of the IFRS IC or of the predecessor IFRIC as well as the former SIC. IFRS IC. International Financial Reporting Standards Interpretations Committee. Interestrate swap. The exchange of interest payments between two parties. For example this allows variable interest rates to be exchanged for fixed interest or vice versa. Net indebtedness. The net amount of interestbearing financial liabilities as recognized in the statement of financial position the fair values of the derivative instruments cash and cash equivalents as well as other interestbearing investments. This figure is the basis for calculating key figures of the capital structure. Operating assets. The assets less liabilities as reported in the statement of financial position without recognizing the net indebtedness sale of trade accounts receivable deferred tax assets income tax receivables and payables as well as other financial assets and debts. Average operating assets are calculated as at the end of the quarterly periods and according to our definition correspond to the capital employed. Organic sales growth. Sales performance of a unit before changes in the scope of consolidation and exchangerate effects. Therefore describes a units performance relying on its own resources.PPA. Purchase price allocation. The process of breaking down the purchase price and assigning the values to the identified assets liabilities and contingent liabilities following a business combination. Subsequent adjustments to the opening statement of financial position resulting from differences between the preliminary and final fair values at the date of initial consolidation are also recognized as PPA. Rating. Standardized indicator for the international finance markets that assesses and classifies the creditworthiness of a debtor. The classification is the result of an economic analysis of the debtor by specialist rating companies. Research and development expenses net. Research and development expenses net are defined as expenses for research and development less reimbursements and subsidies that we received in this context.Return on capital employed ROCE. The ratio of EBIT to average operating assets for the fiscal year. The ROCE corresponds to the rate of return on the capital employed and is used to assess the companys profitability and efficiency. SIC. Standing Interpretations Committee predecessor of the IFRIC. Tax rate. The ratio of income tax expense to the earnings before tax. It can be used to estimate the companys tax burden. Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents after the deduction of cash and cash equivalents that are subject to certain restrictions as is the case for example with pledged amounts and balances in countries with foreignexchange restrictions or other barriers to accessing liquidity. Taxes to be paid on the transfer of cash assets from one country to another are not usually considered to represent a restriction on cash and cash equivalents. Weighted average cost of capital WACC. The weighted average cost of the required return on equity and net interestbearing liabilities. Working capital. Inventories plus trade accounts receivable less trade accounts payable. Sales of trade accounts receivable are not included.

Score 0.443
. Investments in EquityAccounted Investees 

Score 0.442
The following table shows the cash contributions made by the company to the pension funds for and as well as the expected contributions for 

Score 0.44
 . . Income from equityaccounted investees . . Other income from investments . . EBIT . . Interest income . . Interest expense . . Effects from currency translation . . Effects from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments and other valuation effects . . Financial result . . Earnings before tax . . Income tax expense . . Net income . . Noncontrolling interests . . Net income attributable to the shareholders of the parent . . Basic earnings per share in . . Diluted earnings per share in . . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.439
. Other Investments 

Score 0.439
. General Information and Accounting Principles 

Score 0.438
. . . Trade accounts payable . . Other financial liabilities . . . . To enhance transparency in the reporting year the presentation of the undiscounted liquidity effect of derivatives with a negative fair value as at the reporting date has been broken down according to the respective contractually agreed settlement process. For derivatives with gross settlement cash outflows and inflows are presented separately. The previous years figures have been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.438
Description of sales revenue in industrial and replacement business The type of performance obligations to customers in industrial and replacement business relates to the replacementtire and retail business of the Tires segment the industrial and retail business of the ContiTech segment and the replacementparts and retail business of the Automotive and Contract Manufacturing segments please refer to the information provided on the group sectors in the Structure of the Continental Group section of the consolidated management report. Invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms for most of the sales average days and differ mostly depending on the region andor product group. Payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases with the exception of business with end customers and consumers who often pay in cash or by card. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price as variable price components in line with expectations. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. Revenue is recognized at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer taking into account the agreed incoterms. There are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component. Description of revenue in other business activities Revenue in other business activities is included in the sales of the automotive originalequipment business in the sales of the industrial and replacement business and in other revenues. On the one hand services are provided and on the other project business is conducted in which developments for customers are made goods produced or services provided over a mediumterm or longer period. For this revenue there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component. The largest component of this revenue relates to revenue from research and development which is recognized at a point in time either when the entire development is completed or when identifiable milestones within a development are reached. Invoices are generally prepared after completion of a milestone or an entire development and acceptance by the customer. Payments are made by bank transfer in most cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. In addition services that are performed alongside the main business also lead to revenue recognition over time though in smaller amounts. Both input and outputbased measurement methods are used and sales are measured either based on the hours or days worked or the costs incurred input or based on the services rendered output. Invoices are generally prepared at least once a month and payments are made by bank transfer in most cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. In addition project business is conducted in which generally customerspecific goods or services are produced or provided for customers over a mediumterm or longer period. Revenue from this is likewise recognized over time and sales are mostly measured using inputbased measurement methods taking account of the costs incurred. Invoices are generally issued as contractually agreed. Advance payments averaging are usually made by the customers before the start of a project. Payments are made by bank transfer in most cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted. Contract assets and contract liabilities Contract assets primarily arise in the project business from customerspecific goods or services for customers but are only of minor significance in the Continental Group. Contract assets must be recognized because the goods or services are provided over a mediumterm or longer period in which goods or services have already been provided by Continental but there is not yet an unconditional right against the customer i.e. a receivable. The right or part of the right to consideration from the customer is often only unconditional once the provision of the services has been completed and can then be recognized as a receivable and invoiced in full. The associated payments are generally made on the basis of actual invoicing. The recognition of receivables and the receipt of payments reduce the associated contract assets. Contract liabilities include mainly advance payments by customers for deliveries of goods and for services to be performed. In the case of these advance payments by customers for deliveries of goods and for services to be performed the customer has already paid the consideration or part of the consideration but Continental has generally not yet satisfied its performance obligation or has done so only to a limited extent. The provision of the corresponding services to the customers by Continental reduces the level of the associated contract liabilities. Research and development expenses Research and development expenses comprise expenditure on research and development and expenses for customerspecific applications prototypes and testing. Where refunds from customers for research and development expenses are agreed these costs are recognized in inventories until control is transferred. Once control is transferred the refund amounts are stated under other income. In addition the expenses are reduced by the amount relating to the application of research results from the development of new or substantially improved products if the related activity fulfills the recognition criteria for internally generated intangible assets set out in IAS Intangible Assets. This portion of the expenses is capitalized as an asset and amortized over a period of three to seven years from the date that the developed products become marketable. However expenses for customerspecific applications preproduction prototypes or tests for products already being marketed do not qualify as development expenditure which may be recognized as an intangible asset. Furthermore expenses incurred directly in connection with the launch of new production operations and plants are recognized directly in profit or loss. 

Score 0.438
. . . . . . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.437
 millions See Note December December Goodwill . . Other intangible assets . . Property plant and equipment . . . Investment property . . Investments in equityaccounted investees . . Other investments . . Deferred tax assets . . Defined benefit assets . . Longterm derivative instruments and interestbearing investments . . Longterm other financial assets . . Longterm other assets . . Noncurrent assets . . Inventories . . Trade accounts receivable . . Shortterm contract assets . . Shortterm other financial assets . . Shortterm other assets . . Income tax receivables . . Shortterm derivative instruments and interestbearing investments . . Cash and cash equivalents . . Assets held for sale . Current assets . . Total assets . . 

Score 0.437
. Other Income and Expenses 

Score 0.437
Some prior commitments were granted through two legally independent pension contribution funds. Pensionskasse für Angestellte der Continental Aktiengesellschaft VVaG and Pensionskasse von der Phoenix AG VVaG have been closed since March and July respectively. The pension contribution funds are smaller associations within the meaning of Section of the German Insurance Supervision Act Versicherungsaufsichts gesetz VAG and are subject to the supervision of the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht. The investment regulations are in accordance with the legal requirements and risk structure of the obligations. The pension contribution funds have tariffs with an interest rate of . or .. Under the German Company Pensions Law Betriebsrentengesetz BetrAVG Continental is ultimately liable for the implementation path of the pension contribution fund. In accordance with IAS Employee Benefits the pension obligations covered by the pension contribution fund are therefore defined benefit pension plans. The pension contribution funds met their minimum net funding requirement as at December . However given that only the plan members are entitled to the assets and amounts generated the benefit obligations are recognized in the same amount as the existing assets at fair value. Continental also supports private contribution through deferred compensation schemes. Deferred compensation is essentially offered through a fully funded multiemployer plan Höchster Pensionskasse VVaG for contributions up to of the assessment ceiling in social security. The pension contribution fund ensures guaranteed minimum interest for which Continental is ultimately liable under the German Company Pensions Law. The company is not liable for guarantees to employees of other companies. As Höchster Pensionskasse VVaG is a combined defined benefit plan for several companies and Continental has no right to the information required for accounting for this defined benefit plan this plan is recognized as a defined contribution plan. Entitled employees can use the cash balance plan for deferred compensation contributions above the assessment ceiling. This share is funded by insurance annuity contracts. USA Owing to its acquisition history Continental has various defined benefit plans in the USA which were closed to new entrants and frozen to accretion of further benefits in a period from April to December . In acquisitions also included an open defined benefit plan for unionized employees. The closed defined benefit plans are commitments on the basis of the average final salary and cash balance commitments. The defined benefit plans for unionized and nonunionized employees are based on a pension multiplier per year of service. Closed defined benefit plans were replaced by defined contribution plans. Defined contribution plans apply to the majority of active employees in the USA. Due to the rise in interest rates further efforts are currently being made to push for additional funding. The plan assets of the defined benefit plans are managed in a master trust. Investment supervision was delegated to the Pension Committee a body appointed within the Continental Group. The legal and regulatory framework for the plans is based on the US Employee Retirement Income Security Act ERISA. The valuation of the financing level is required on the basis of this law. The interest rate used for this calculation is the average rate over a period of years and therefore currently higher than the interest rate used to discount obligations under IAS . The statutory valuation therefore gives rise to a lower obligation than that in line with IAS . There is a regulatory requirement to ensure minimum funding of in the defined benefit plans to prevent benefit curtailments. United Kingdom Continental maintains four defined benefit plans as a result of its history of acquisitions in the United Kingdom. All plans are commitments on the basis of the average or final salary. The four plans were closed to new employees in the period between April and November . Continental offers defined contribution plans for all employees who have joined the company since that time. As at April the Continental Group Pension and Life Assurance Scheme was frozen to accretion of further benefits. It was replaced by a defined contribution plan as at April . As at July the Mannesmann UK Pension Scheme was frozen to accretion of further benefits. It was replaced by a defined contribution plan as at August . Our pension strategy in the UK focuses on reducing risks and includes the option of partial or complete funding by purchasing annuities. The rise in interest rates and the good funded status currently present opportunities to push for partial or complete funding. The receptivity of the insurance market is currently limited. The funding conditions are defined by the UK Pensions Regulator and the corresponding laws and regulations. The defined benefit plans are managed by trust companies. The boards of trustees of these companies have an obligation solely to the good of the beneficiaries on the basis of the trust agreement and the law. 

Score 0.435
Consolidated statement of cash flows The statement of cash flows shows the sources during the reporting period that generated cash and cash equivalents as well as the application of cash and cash equivalents. This includes all cash and cash equivalents and demand deposits. Cash equivalents are shortterm highly liquid financial investments that can be readily converted into known cash amounts and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. The restrictions that may impact the availability of capital are also understood to comprise all existing restrictions on the cash and cash equivalents. In the Continental Group the cash and cash equivalents are restricted with regard to pledged amounts and balances in countries with foreignexchange restrictions or other barriers to accessing liquidity. Taxes to be paid on the transfer of cash assets from one country to another are not usually considered to represent a restriction on cash and cash equivalents. Financial investments are considered to be cash equivalents only if they have a remaining original term not exceeding three months. 

Score 0.435
financialinstruments

Score 0.435
Assets in millions December December Goodwill . . Other intangible assets . . Property plant and equipment . . Investments in equityaccounted investees . . Longterm miscellaneous assets . . Noncurrent assets . . Inventories . . Trade accounts receivable . . Shortterm miscellaneous assets . . Cash and cash equivalents . . Current assets . . Total assets . . Equity and liabilities in millions December December Total equity . . Noncurrent liabilities . . Trade accounts payable . . Shortterm other provisions and liabilities . . Current liabilities . . Total equity and liabilities . . Net indebtedness . . Gearing ratio in . . 

Score 0.434
Measured at fair value through other comprehensive income with reclassification FVOCIwR The financial asset which constitutes a debt instrument is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. Furthermore the contractual cash flows can be characterized as payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Changes in the carrying amount are recognized in other comprehensive income. Income or expenses from impairment interest income and foreigncurrency gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss. The cumulative gain or loss stated in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to the income statement when the financial asset is derecognized. Interest income is recognized in the financial result using the effective interest method. Foreigncurrency gains and losses are recognized in other income and expenses. 

Score 0.433
the corporate governance statement pursuant to Sections f and d HGB

Score 0.433
. Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Score 0.433
Other income decreased by . million to . million PY . million in the reporting period. The income from other ancillary business results primarily from revenues from licensing and franchising agreements the sale of recyclable materials and other ancillary business. The Other item mainly includes income from insurance compensation due to damage to property plant and equipment caused by force majeure. In addition government grants amounting to . million PY . million that were not intended for investments in noncurrent assets were received and recognized in profit or loss in the Other item. 

Score 0.433
. . Other income and expenses

Score 0.433
 millions See Note Net income . . Income tax expense . . Financial result . . EBIT . . Interest paid . . Interest received . . Income tax paid . . Dividends received . . Depreciation amortization impairment and reversal of impairment losses . . Income from equityaccounted investees and other investments incl. impairment and reversal of impairment losses . . Gainslosses from the disposal of assets companies and business operations . . Changes in inventories . . trade accounts receivable . . trade accounts payable . . employee benefits and other provisions . . other assets and liabilities . . Cash flow arising from operating activities . . Cash flow from the disposal of assets . . Capital expenditure on property plant and equipment and software . . Capital expenditure on intangible assets from development projects and miscellaneous . . Cash flow from the disposal of companies and business operations . . Acquisition of companies and business operations . . Cash flow arising from investing activities . . Cash flow before financing activities free cash flow . . Issuance of bonds . . Redemption of bonds . Repayment of lease liabilities . . Change in other indebtedness . . Change in derivative instruments and interestbearing investments . . Other cash changes . . Dividends paid . . Dividends paid to and cash changes from equity transactions with noncontrolling interests . . Cash flow arising from financing activities . . Change in cash and cash equivalents . . Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the reporting period . . Effect of exchangerate changes on cash and cash equivalents . . Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the reporting period . . 

Score 0.432
. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

Score 0.432
Syndicated loansOther bank liabilitiesOther liabilitiesBonds

Score 0.431
The Companys disclosures on goodwill and on noncurrent assets with finite useful lives are contained in Notes and of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Accounting treatment of deferred taxes 

Score 0.431
As at December loss allowances for trade accounts receivable whose creditworthiness was impaired amounted to . million PY . million. Of the impaired receivables written down in the reporting period . million PY . million is still subject to enforcement measures. Other financial assets Loss allowances equivalent to the gross carrying amount totaling . million PY . million were recognized for other financial assets whose creditworthiness was impaired. Other month and lifetime expected credit losses on other financial assets are not of significance. Cash and cash equivalents derivative instruments and interestbearing investments In order to minimize the default risk for cash and cash equivalents derivative instruments and interestbearing investments the Continental Group generally uses banks that it has classified as core banks on the basis of defined criteria. As a general rule these banks should have at least one investmentgrade credit rating from one of the global rating agencies. The default risk can therefore be considered very low. The creditworthiness of the core banks and of other banks and other business partners with which investments are made loans are granted or derivative instruments are traded in derogation from the core bank principle for operational or regulatory reasons is continuously monitored by tracking not only their credit ratings but also particularly the premiums for insuring against credit risks credit default swap CDS provided such information is available. In addition the Continental Group sets investment limits for each bank and trading limits for derivative instruments. The amount of these limits is based on the creditworthiness of the respective bank. Compliance with these limits is continuously monitored. As in the previous year expected credit losses from cash and cash equivalents and other interestbearing investments measured at amortized cost as well as assets measured at amortized cost with impaired creditworthiness are not significant. . Currency management The international nature of the Continental Groups business activities results in deliveries and payments in various currencies. Currencyexchange fluctuations involve the risk of losses because assets denominated in currencies with a falling exchange rate lose value while liabilities denominated in currencies with a rising exchange rate become more expensive. For hedging it is allowed to use only derivative instruments that have been defined in corporatewide policies and can be reported and measured in the treasury management system. It is generally not permitted to use financial instruments that do not meet these criteria. 

Score 0.43
Corporate Governance Statement Pursuant to Sections f and d HGB 

Score 0.43
 millions Right of use for land and buildings Right of use for technical equipment and machinery Right of use for other equipment factory and office equipment Total As at January Cost . . . . Accumulated amortization . . . . Book value . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . Additions . . . . Transfers . . . . Disposals . . . . Amortization . . . . Impairment . . . Book value . . . . As at December Cost . . . . Accumulated amortization . . . . Book value . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . Additions . . . . Additions from the firsttime consolidation of subsidiaries . . . . Amounts disposed of through disposal of subsidiaries . . Disposals . . . . Amortization . . . . Impairment

Score 0.43
Continental is exposed to risks in connection with its pension commitments. Continental provides defined benefit pension plans in Germany the USA the UK and certain other countries. As at December the pension obligations amounted to .million. These existing obligations are financed predominantly through externally invested pension plan assets. In Continental established legally independent trust funds under contractual trust arrangements CTAs for the funding of pension obligations of certain subsidiaries in Germany. In Continental assumed additional CTAs in connection with the acquisition of Siemens VDO. As at December Continentals net pension obligations defined benefit obligations less the fair value of plan assets amounted to .million. Continentals externally invested plan assets are funded by externally managed funds and insurance companies. While Continental generally prescribes the investment strategies applied by these funds and takes these into account when selecting external fund managers it does not have any influence over their individual investment decisions. The assets are invested in different asset classes including equity fixedincome securities real estate and other investment vehicles. The values attributable to the externally invested plan assets are subject to fluctuations in the capital markets that are beyond Continentals influence. Unfavorable developments in the capital markets could result in a substantial coverage shortfall for these pension obligations resulting in a significant increase in Continentals net pension obligations. Any such increase in Continentals net pension obligations could adversely affect Continentals financial condition due to an increased additional outflow of funds to finance the pension obligations. Also Continental is exposed to risks associated with longevity and interestrate changes in connection with its pension commitments as an interestrate decrease could have an adverse effect on Continentals liabilities under these pension plans. Furthermore certain USbased subsidiaries of Continental have entered into obligations to make contributions to healthcare costs of former employees and retirees. Accordingly Continental is exposed to the potential risk that these costs may increase in the future. If the discount rates used to calculate net pension obligations were to decrease by . percentage points at the end of the year all other things being equal this would lead to a rise in net pension obligations of anywhere from million to million which could not be reduced by taking measures to minimize risk. However this would not affect EBIT. Continental is exposed to risks associated with warranty and product liability claims. In its quality strategy Continental has defined the framework conditions for all qualityrelated activities and ascribes the highest priority to quality. However Continental is constantly subject to product liability claims and proceedings alleging violations of due care violation of warranty obligations or material defects and claims arising from breaches of contract due to recalls or government proceedings. Any such lawsuits proceedings and other claims could result in increased costs for Continental. Moreover defective products could result in loss of sales and loss of customer and market acceptance. Such risks are insured up to levels considered economically reasonable by Continental but its insurance coverage could prove insufficient in individual cases. Additionally any defect in one of Continentals products in particular tires and other safetyrelated products could also have a considerable adverse effect on the companys reputation and market perception. This could in turn have a negative impact on Continentals sales and income. Moreover vehicle manufacturers are increasingly requiring a contribution from their suppliers for potential product liability warranty and recall claims. In addition Continental is subject to continuing efforts by its customers to change contract terms and conditions concerning the contribution to warranty and recall cost. Furthermore Continental manufactures many products pursuant to OEM customer specifications and quality requirements. If the products manufactured and delivered by Continental do not meet the requirements stipulated by its OEM customers at the agreed date of delivery production of the relevant products is generally discontinued until the cause of the product defect has been identified and remedied. Under certain circumstances this could lead to losses of sales and earnings. Furthermore Continentals OEM customers could potentially claim damages even if the cause of the defect is remedied at a later point in time. Moreover failure to fulfill quality requirements could have an adverse effect on the market acceptance of Continentals other products and its market reputation in various market segments. The quantifiable risks from warranty and product liability claims as at December taking into account provisions amounted to around million. Continental is exposed to risks from trade restrictions sanctions and export controls. Due to the global alignment of the economic activity of the Continental Group there are business risks with respect to embargoes sanctions and export controls. As a global company Continental also has business relations with customers and partners based in countries that are or may be in the future subject to export restrictions embargoes economic sanctions or other forms of trade restrictions. In addition to the fundamental influence that such restrictions have on the business activity of the Continental Group violations of relevant provisions may lead to considerable penalties administrative sanctions damage to the companys reputation as well as claims for damages. Continental may also be forced through new trade restrictions to limit or put an end to business activity in certain countries or regions. 

Score 0.43
 millions Share of earnings from equityaccounted investees . . Reversal of impairment losses from equityaccounted investees . Income from equityaccounted investees . . Other income from investments . . 

Score 0.429
The expanded interpretation of economic activities classified as Taxonomyeligible in the reporting year likewise led to a significant increase in Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure. A total sum of .million was reported as Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure in the reporting year PY .million equivalent to . of total capital expenditure PY .. The breakdown of Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure by category is shown in the table on page. The information on capital expenditure is prepared in accordance with section.. of Annex to the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations in compliance with IFRS accounting regulations. Information on the Continental Groups total capital expenditure can be found in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in the segment reporting Note of this annual report. The information refers to capital expenditure in the intangible assets Note property plant and equipment Note leases Note and investment property Note presented in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Operating expenditure is defined in accordance with section.. of Annex to the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations and has been calculated on an imputed basis as described above. For the denominator of the key figure calculation for operating expenditure Continental takes into account direct noncapitalized costs incurred in the reporting year as a result of research and development net building renovation measures shortterm leasing and maintenance and repairs. The expanded interpretation of economic activities classified as Taxonomyeligible in the reporting year likewise led to a significant increase in Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure. A total sum of .million was reported as Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure in the reporting year PY .million equivalent to . of total operating expenditure PY .. The breakdown of Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure by category is shown in the table on page. When determining the Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure for reasons of materiality the decision was made to forgo separate reporting of investments in individual measures and the acquisition of products from Taxonomyeligible economic activities under category c as well as reporting of the resulting operating expenditure in the reporting year. Continental notes that from its perspective various interpretations with respect to the requirements concerning capital expenditure and operating expenditure particularly for category c and for operating expenditure more generally continue to result in uncertainty when determining Taxonomyrelated information. 

Score 0.429
Financing strategy Our financing strategy aims to support the valueadding growth of the Continental Group while at the same time complying with an equity and liabilities structure adequate for the risks and rewards of our business. The Finance Treasury group function provides the necessary financial framework to finance corporate growth and secure the longterm existence of the company. The companys annual investment requirements are likely to continue to range from to of sales in the coming years. 

Score 0.429
 millions Defined benefit obligations . . . . . Funded status . . . . . Remeasurement of plan liabilities . . . . . 

Score 0.429
. . Other investments . . Fair value adjustments

Score 0.427
the determination of fair values with regard to financial assets and liabilities. 

Score 0.426
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Score 0.426
The carrying amounts of the trade accounts receivable net of loss allowances are their fair values. Please see Note for information on the default risks in relation to trade accounts receivable. The Continental Group uses several programs for the sale of receivables. When the risks and rewards of receivables in particular credit and default risks have mostly not been transferred the receivables are still recognized as assets in the statement of financial position. Under the existing saleofreceivables programs the contractual rights to the receipt of payment inflows have been assigned to the corresponding contractual parties. The transferred receivables have short remaining terms. As a rule therefore the carrying amounts as at the reporting date in the amount of . million PY . million are approximately equivalent to their fair value. The respective liabilities with a carrying amount of . million PY . million represent the liquidation proceeds from the sale of the receivables. As in the previous year this was approximately equivalent to their fair value. The committed financing volume under these saleofreceivables programs amounts to . million PY . million. 

Score 0.426
. . . . . . EBIT . . . . . . Amortization of intangible assets from purchase price allocation PPA . . . . Changes in the scope of consolidation

Score 0.425
Wherever necessary for comprehension the combined nonfinancial statement contains references to amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements including notes. References to information in other sections of the management report and the consolidated financial statements are officially part of this combined nonfinancial statement. References to information outside of the management report and the consolidated financial statements are not officially part of this combined nonfinancial statement.

Score 0.425
. . . . . Restructuringrelated expenses . . . . Severance payments . . . . . . Gains and losses from disposals of companies and business operations . . . . . Other

Score 0.423
Interest expense totaled .million in and was thus . million higher than the previous years figure of . million. Interest expense from longterm employee benefits and expected income from longterm employee benefits and from pension funds amounted to a net expense of .million in the reporting year PY .million. These interest effects do not include the interest income from the plan assets of the pension contribution funds or the interest expense from the defined benefit obligations of the pension contribution funds. Interest expense resulting mainly from bank borrowings capital market transactions and other financing instruments was .million PY .million. Interest expense on lease liabilities accounted for .million of this PY .million. Interest expenses in connection with income tax payables amounted to .million PY .million. The bonds issued by ContinentalAG and ContiGummi Finance B.V. Maastricht Netherlands resulted in expenses of .million PY .million. The increase was primarily due to the issuance of euro bonds by ContinentalAG. A fiveyear bond with a volume of .million and a fixed interest rate of . p.a. was issued in the fourth quarter of . Two further bonds were issued in a fiveyear bond with a volume of .million in the second quarter of and a threeandahalfyear bond with a volume of .million in the third quarter of both with a fixed interest rate of . p.a. An offsetting effect was attributable to the repayment of a euro bond in the amount of .million with a fixed interest rate of . p.a. in the fourth quarter of . In addition a euro bond in the amount of .million with a fixed interest rate of . p.a. was repaid in the third quarter of . Effects from currency translation resulted in a positive contribution to earnings of .million in the reporting year PY negative contribution to earnings of .million. Effects from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments and other valuation effects resulted in income of .million PY .million. Other valuation effects accounted for .million of this PY .million. Taking into account the sum of the effects from currency translation and changes in the fair value of derivative instruments earnings in were positively impacted by .million PY negatively impacted by .million. A significant contributor to the yearonyear improvement was the development of the Chinese renminbi in relation to the euro. Income tax expense Income tax expense in fiscal amounted to .million PY .million. The tax rate was . compared with . in the previous year. The prioryear tax rate was presented on an adjusted basis before the permanent effects of the recognized goodwill impairment. As in the previous year foreign tax rate differences as well as incentives and tax holidays had positive effects in the year under review. The tax rate was negatively impacted by noncash allowances on deferred tax assets totaling .million PY .million of which .million PY .million was for previous years. Furthermore as in the previous year the tax rate was negatively affected by nondeductible expenses and nonimputable foreign withholding taxes. In the year under review additional tax burdens were incurred from internal restructuring. Net income attributable to the shareholders of the parent Net income attributable to the shareholders of the parent increased by .million in to .million PY .million. Basic earnings per share amounted to . PY . the same amount as diluted earnings per share. Employees The number of employees in the Continental Group as at December was up from in the previous year. The number of employees in the Automotive group sector rose by due to adjustments to higher order volumes. The number of employees in the Tires group sector declined by . This was primarily due to the sale of operations in Russia and adjustments to demanddriven production. In the ContiTech group sector the acquisition of Printing Solutions Sweden Holding AB Trelleborg Sweden and adjustments to the production volume were the main reasons for the increase in the number of employees by . The number of employees in the Contract Manufacturing group sector fell by to PY . 

Score 0.423
. million PY . million of the defined benefit obligations as at December related to plans that are fully or partially funded and . million PY . million related to plans that are unfunded. The . million increase in the defined benefit obligations compared with December resulted in particular from actuarial losses from changes in financial assumptions. The fund assets in Germany include the CTA assets amounting to . million PY . million pension contribution fund assets of . million PY . million and insurance annuity contracts amounting to . million PY . million. Fund assets increased by . million in the reporting year to . million. Actuarial gains and losses on fund assets in Germany resulted from actuarial gains of . million PY actuarial losses of . million from the CTAs. In the Continental Group there are pension contribution funds for previously defined contributions in Germany that have been closed to new entrants since July and March respectively. As at December the minimum net funding requirement was exceeded Continental AG has no requirement to make additional contributions. The pension fund assets had a fair value of . million as at December PY . million. The pension contribution funds have tariffs with an interest rate of . or .. Under the German Company Pensions Law Continental AG is ultimately liable for the implementation path of the pension contribution fund. It therefore constitutes a defined benefit pension plan that must be reported in line with the development of pension provisions. However given that only the plan members are entitled to the assets and income generated the benefit obligations are recognized in the same amount as the existing assets at fair value. The following table shows the reconciliation of the funded status to the amounts contained in the statement of financial position 

Score 0.422
Conclude on the appropriateness of the executive directors use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit evidence obtained whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Groups ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists we are required to draw attention in the auditors report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements and in the consolidated management report or if such disclosures are inadequate to modify our respective audit opinions. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors report. However future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to be able to continue as a going concern. 

Score 0.422
In addition to the comments in Note the disclosure requirements arising from IFRS Revenue from Contracts with Customers are grouped together in this note. Continental Group as lessee Rightofuse assets The rightofuse assets recognized from leases relate primarily to the leasing of land and buildings at various locations worldwide. To a small extent rightofuse assets are recognized for technical equipment and machinery as well as other equipment factory and office equipment. Additions within the rightofuse assets amounted to . million for the reporting year PY . million. These resulted mainly from additions to land and buildings in the amount of . million PY . million and from additions to other equipment factory and office equipment in the amount of . million PY . million. The additions to rightofuse assets due to changes in the scope of consolidation in the amount of . million resulted mainly from the acquisition of Printing Solutions Sweden Holding AB Telleborg Sweden. Please see Note . Impairment on rightofuse assets resulted in expenses totaling . million of which . million was attributable to administrative expenses and . million to selling and logistics expenses. The impairment mainly related to administrative buildings in the amount of . million. In addition reversals of impairment losses on rightofuse assets resulted in income of . million within the scope of selling and logistics expenses. The rightofuse assets reported as at December in the amount of . million PY . million correspond to . PY . of all property plant and equipment of the Continental Group. The weighted average lease term is approximately five years PY approx. five years for rightofuse assets for land and buildings approximately three years PY approx. four years for rightofuse assets for technical equipment and machinery and approximately four years PY approx. three years for rightofuse assets for other equipment factory and office equipment.

Score 0.422
. . Investment in equityaccounted investees

Score 0.421
Future cash inflows resulting from finance leases and financial income not yet realized as at the end of the reporting period are shown in the following table 

Score 0.42
 millions Net income . . Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss Remeasurement of defined benefit plans