Scores_g_WHOLESALE AND RETAIL TRADE; REPAIR OF MOTOR VEHICLES AND MOTORCYCLESScore 0.623
Description of sales revenue in industrial and replacement business The type of performance obligations to customers in industrial and replacement business relates to the replacementtire and retail business of the Tires segment the industrial and retail business of the ContiTech segment and the replacementparts and retail business of the Automotive and Contract Manufacturing segments please refer to the information provided on the group sectors in the Structure of the Continental Group section of the consolidated management report. Invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms for most of the sales average days and differ mostly depending on the region andor product group. Payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases with the exception of business with end customers and consumers who often pay in cash or by card. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price as variable price components in line with expectations. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. Revenue is recognized at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer taking into account the agreed incoterms. There are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component. Description of revenue in other business activities Revenue in other business activities is included in the sales of the automotive originalequipment business in the sales of the industrial and replacement business and in other revenues. On the one hand services are provided and on the other project business is conducted in which developments for customers are made goods produced or services provided over a mediumterm or longer period. For this revenue there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component. The largest component of this revenue relates to revenue from research and development which is recognized at a point in time either when the entire development is completed or when identifiable milestones within a development are reached. Invoices are generally prepared after completion of a milestone or an entire development and acceptance by the customer. Payments are made by bank transfer in most cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. In addition services that are performed alongside the main business also lead to revenue recognition over time though in smaller amounts. Both input and outputbased measurement methods are used and sales are measured either based on the hours or days worked or the costs incurred input or based on the services rendered output. Invoices are generally prepared at least once a month and payments are made by bank transfer in most cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. In addition project business is conducted in which generally customerspecific goods or services are produced or provided for customers over a mediumterm or longer period. Revenue from this is likewise recognized over time and sales are mostly measured using inputbased measurement methods taking account of the costs incurred. Invoices are generally issued as contractually agreed. Advance payments averaging are usually made by the customers before the start of a project. Payments are made by bank transfer in most cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted. Contract assets and contract liabilities Contract assets primarily arise in the project business from customerspecific goods or services for customers but are only of minor significance in the Continental Group. Contract assets must be recognized because the goods or services are provided over a mediumterm or longer period in which goods or services have already been provided by Continental but there is not yet an unconditional right against the customer i.e. a receivable. The right or part of the right to consideration from the customer is often only unconditional once the provision of the services has been completed and can then be recognized as a receivable and invoiced in full. The associated payments are generally made on the basis of actual invoicing. The recognition of receivables and the receipt of payments reduce the associated contract assets. Contract liabilities include mainly advance payments by customers for deliveries of goods and for services to be performed. In the case of these advance payments by customers for deliveries of goods and for services to be performed the customer has already paid the consideration or part of the consideration but Continental has generally not yet satisfied its performance obligation or has done so only to a limited extent. The provision of the corresponding services to the customers by Continental reduces the level of the associated contract liabilities. Research and development expenses Research and development expenses comprise expenditure on research and development and expenses for customerspecific applications prototypes and testing. Where refunds from customers for research and development expenses are agreed these costs are recognized in inventories until control is transferred. Once control is transferred the refund amounts are stated under other income. In addition the expenses are reduced by the amount relating to the application of research results from the development of new or substantially improved products if the related activity fulfills the recognition criteria for internally generated intangible assets set out in IAS Intangible Assets. This portion of the expenses is capitalized as an asset and amortized over a period of three to seven years from the date that the developed products become marketable. However expenses for customerspecific applications preproduction prototypes or tests for products already being marketed do not qualify as development expenditure which may be recognized as an intangible asset. Furthermore expenses incurred directly in connection with the launch of new production operations and plants are recognized directly in profit or loss. 

Score 0.557
Revenue recognition Only sales of products and services resulting from the ordinary business activities of the company are shown as sales revenue. In accordance with IFRS Revenue from Contracts with Customers Continental recognizes as revenue from contracts with customers the amount that is received as consideration for the transfer of goods or services to customers. The relevant point in time or period of time is the transfer of control of the goods or services to the customer control approach. To determine when to recognize revenue and at what amount the fivestep model is applied. By applying the fivestep model in the Continental Group to contracts with customers distinct performance obligations are identified. The transaction price is determined and allocated to the performance obligations according to the requirements of IFRS . Variable consideration in contracts with customers such as rebates bonus agreements or other kinds of price concessions is analyzed measured and included in the revenue recognition. The allocation of the transaction price in the case of more than one performance obligation at hand would be performed by using observable prices if possible. Otherwise the allocation would be performed using the adjusted market assessment approach or the approach of cost plus a margin. For every performance obligation that in accordance with IFRS is distinct within the context of the contract the revenue recognition is determined to be at a point in time or to be satisfied over time. Multicomponent contracts that contain distinct performance obligations with different timing of revenue recognition are not currently material. Description of sales revenue in automotive originalequipment business The type of performance obligations to customers in automotive originalequipment business relates to the diverse and predominantly customerspecific products of the Automotive Contract Manufacturing and ContiTech segments and the originalequipment business of the Tires segment please refer to the information provided on the group sectors in the Structure of the Continental Group section of the consolidated management report. Invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms average days and differ mostly depending on the region andor product group. Payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price as variable price components in line with expectations. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. Revenue is almost always recognized over time using an outputbased measurement method and sales revenue is measured based on the products that leave the production plant as the products are produced and delivered just in time. There are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component. 

Score 0.545
We allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents to category .. This classification is based in particular on the fact that from Continentals perspective the reference to activity . does not impose any restrictions on components in relation to the function or drive system of rail vehicles for which the components are manufactured provided that the components and systems are necessary for the operation and functioning of rail vehicles. Furthermore the activity designation does not entail any restrictions on components for example in relation to function or drive system. In contrast to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as Taxonomyeligible under category .. In Recital of Delegated Regulation amending Delegated Regulation the Commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy. Until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a Taxonomyeligible activity under category . Manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies. It is Continentals opinion that this clarification for the purposes of Taxonomy eligibility refers to the manufacture of tires of all kinds without any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies. Based on this clarification Continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds without any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category .. Alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by Continental particularly with regard to Recital . In addition various Continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as Taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year. In the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and the manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation. Continental still allocates these businesses to category . Manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make significant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants. For these classifications as well Continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier technologies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in Art. of the Taxonomy Regulation. The activities mentioned are not identified as Taxonomyeligible under Annex II to the Climate Delegated Act climate change adaptation. All other economic activities of the Continental Group that are not included in the aforementioned economic activities have been classified as Taxonomynoneligible for the reporting year. Accordingly Continental currently has not allocated any economic activities to the other environmental objectives under Annex I Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources Annex II Transition to a circular economy Annex III Pollution prevention and control or Annex IV Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. We base the classification on the information publicly available at the time the report was prepared. Taxonomyeligible turnover The information on turnover is prepared in accordance with section.. of Annex to the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations and in compliance with IFRS accounting regulations see tables at the end of this nonfinancial statement. The method of determination selected by Continental ensures that double counting is avoided. The described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as Taxonomyeligible under category . and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as Taxonomyeligible under category . resulted in a significant increase in Taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year. Added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in the manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as Taxonomyeligible under category .. In addition various Continental industrial businesses were reported as Taxonomyeligible under category . as they were in the previous year. A total sum of .billion was reported as Taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year PY .billion equivalent to . of total consolidated sales PY .. The breakdown of Taxonomyeligible turnover by category is shown in the table on page. Information on the Continental Groups total turnover the denominator of the key figure calculation can be found in the consolidated statement of income of this annual report under Sales. Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure have been recorded in accordance with the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations and taking into account the clarifications made by the European Commission in October. The figures for Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure under category a are allocations based on the proportion of Taxonomyeligible turnover. For reasons connected to the business model the equipment machinery and buildings of the Continental Group are thus used both for Taxonomyeligible activities and for other activities. This applies both to capital expenditure and operating expenditure for assets or processes associated with Taxonomyeligible activities category a. The allocation takes place at group sector level and not according to the individual locations in order to avoid double counting take into account internal business and consolidation effects and reflect the Continental Groups matrix structure. This allocation of turnover thus reflects the distribution of Continentals production. The Platform on Sustainable Finance also recommends such an approach to allocation in its report to the Commission dated October. This states for enabling activities that capital expenditure and operating expenditure should be reported on the basis of their proportion of turnover provided the activities are Taxonomyeligible and that they not do not include activities that are Taxonomynoneligible. 

Score 0.518
The expanded interpretation of economic activities classified as Taxonomyeligible in the reporting year likewise led to a significant increase in Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure. A total sum of .million was reported as Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure in the reporting year PY .million equivalent to . of total capital expenditure PY .. The breakdown of Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure by category is shown in the table on page. The information on capital expenditure is prepared in accordance with section.. of Annex to the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations in compliance with IFRS accounting regulations. Information on the Continental Groups total capital expenditure can be found in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in the segment reporting Note of this annual report. The information refers to capital expenditure in the intangible assets Note property plant and equipment Note leases Note and investment property Note presented in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Operating expenditure is defined in accordance with section.. of Annex to the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations and has been calculated on an imputed basis as described above. For the denominator of the key figure calculation for operating expenditure Continental takes into account direct noncapitalized costs incurred in the reporting year as a result of research and development net building renovation measures shortterm leasing and maintenance and repairs. The expanded interpretation of economic activities classified as Taxonomyeligible in the reporting year likewise led to a significant increase in Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure. A total sum of .million was reported as Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure in the reporting year PY .million equivalent to . of total operating expenditure PY .. The breakdown of Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure by category is shown in the table on page. When determining the Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure for reasons of materiality the decision was made to forgo separate reporting of investments in individual measures and the acquisition of products from Taxonomyeligible economic activities under category c as well as reporting of the resulting operating expenditure in the reporting year. Continental notes that from its perspective various interpretations with respect to the requirements concerning capital expenditure and operating expenditure particularly for category c and for operating expenditure more generally continue to result in uncertainty when determining Taxonomyrelated information. 

Score 0.515
The carrying amounts of the trade accounts receivable net of loss allowances are their fair values. Please see Note for information on the default risks in relation to trade accounts receivable. The Continental Group uses several programs for the sale of receivables. When the risks and rewards of receivables in particular credit and default risks have mostly not been transferred the receivables are still recognized as assets in the statement of financial position. Under the existing saleofreceivables programs the contractual rights to the receipt of payment inflows have been assigned to the corresponding contractual parties. The transferred receivables have short remaining terms. As a rule therefore the carrying amounts as at the reporting date in the amount of . million PY . million are approximately equivalent to their fair value. The respective liabilities with a carrying amount of . million PY . million represent the liquidation proceeds from the sale of the receivables. As in the previous year this was approximately equivalent to their fair value. The committed financing volume under these saleofreceivables programs amounts to . million PY . million. 

Score 0.506
On subsequent remeasurement of a disposal group the carrying amounts of any assets and liabilities that are not within the scope of the measurement requirements of IFRS Noncurrent Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations but are included in a disposal group classified as held for sale shall be remeasured in accordance with the applicable IFRS before the fair value less costs to sell of the disposal group is remeasured. A discontinued operation can also be classified as held for sale under IFRS . A discontinued operation is a component of an entity that either has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale and represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. The classification of a component of an entity as a discontinued operation is also appropriate in the case of classification as held for distribution provided the criteria are met. Financial instruments A financial instrument as defined in IAS Financial Instruments Presentation is a contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity. In the Continental Group a purchase or sale of financial assets or financial liabilities is recognized or derecognized at the settlement date. Financial assets Financial assets are recognized in the statement of financial position as at the date Continental becomes a contractual party to the financial instrument. At the acquisition date they must be classified into measurement categories that determine the subsequent accounting. Receivables from the receivables factoring programs carried out in the Continental Group are recognized in the statement of financial position when the risks and rewards in particular credit and default risk have not been essentially transferred. The repayment obligations therefrom are as a rule then shown as shortterm financial liabilities. The classification and measurement of financial assets that constitute debt instruments is based on the business model in which the assets are managed and on their cash flow characteristics. These conditions are cumulative criteria whose audit sequence is irrelevant. It is therefore necessary to analyze the business model in which the asset to be classified is held. This relates to the investigation of the way in which financial assets held in order to collect cash flows are managed. The Continental Group reclassifies debt instruments if the corresponding business model changes. IFRS Financial Instruments distinguishes between three business models 

Score 0.489
Interest income and expense from financial instruments is reported in the financial result Note . Dividend income from financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income is explained under Income from Investments Note . Collateral As at December a total of . million PY . million of financial assets had been pledged as collateral. In the year under review as in the previous year collateral mainly consisted of trade accounts receivable assigned as collateral for liabilities from saleofreceivables programs. The remainder related to pledged cash or other financial assets. Risk management of financial instruments Due to its international business activities and the resulting financing requirements the Continental Group is exposed to default risks risks from changes in exchanges rates and variable interest rates and liquidity risk. The management of these risks is described in the following sections. In addition hedging instruments are used in the Continental Group. Their use is covered by corporatewide policies adherence to which is regularly reviewed by internal auditors. Internal settlement risks are minimized through the clear segregation of functional areas. Further information about the risks presented below and about risk management can be found in the report on risks and opportunities in the consolidated management report. . Default risks Default risks from trade accounts receivable contract assets or other financial assets include the risk that receivables will be collected late or not at all if a customer or another contractual party does not fulfill its contractual obligations. The total of the positive carrying amounts is equivalent to the maximum default risk of the Continental Group from financial assets. Default risk is influenced mainly by characteristics of the customers and the sector and is therefore analyzed and monitored by central and local credit managers. The responsibilities of the credit management function also include pooled receivables risk management. Contractual partners creditworthiness and payment history are analyzed on a regular basis. Default risk for nonderivative financial receivables is also limited by ensuring that agreements are entered into with partners with proven creditworthiness only or that collateral is provided or in individual cases trade credit insurance is agreed. The Continental Group held an immaterial amount of collateral as at December . There are no trade accounts receivable or contract assets for which an impairment loss was not recognized due to collateral held. However default risk cannot be excluded with absolute certainty and any remaining risk is addressed by recognizing expected credit losses for identified individual risks and on the basis of experience taking account of any relevant future components. Financial assets that are neither past due nor impaired accordingly have a prime credit rating. Default risks are calculated on the basis of corporatewide standards. The methods for calculating loss allowances are described in Note of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Trade accounts receivable and contract assets If the creditworthiness of receivables is impaired corresponding expenses are recognized in an allowance account. Lifetime expected credit losses are largely calculated using estimates and assessments based on the creditworthiness of the respective customer current economic developments and the analysis of historical losses on receivables. The creditworthiness of a customer is assessed on the basis of its payment history and its ability to make payments. It is regularly reviewed whether there is a need to take account of any risks in connection with different customer groups sectors or countries. No such allocation of default risk was required in . Continental calculates the default rates for lifetime expected credit losses based on a threeyear average taking account of the historical defaults allocated to the different periods past due and generally also taking account of a forwardlooking component. Trade accounts receivable and contract assets whose creditworthiness is already impaired are not taken into account when calculating lifetime expected credit losses. There were no significant effects on expected credit losses from the modification of cash flows. 

Score 0.484
As in the previous year Continental did not report any economic activities as being Taxonomyaligned. For all economic activities that are reported under category . specific comparative lifecycle assessments are required in order to also report these as being Taxonomyaligned. These must demonstrate substantial savings to lifecycle emissions compared with the highestperforming alternative technology or solution available on the market or the highestperforming alternative product available on the market. External verification of the lifecycle assessments must also take place in accordance with predefined standards. A simplified lifecycle consideration as called for by the Taxonomy Regulation itself is no longer sufficient in accordance with the Delegated Regulation for Climate Change Mitigation for category .. Continental did not have the corresponding lifecycle assessments at its disposal in the reporting year meaning it is currently not possible to allocate Taxonomyaligned economic activities. For this reason the Do No Significant Harm DNSH criteria and the minimum protection requirements along the value chain were not assessed according to specific economic activities. It was not yet mandatory in the reporting year to report Taxonomyaligned economic activities if the economic activities are reported according to the categories . and . which have been newly integrated into the Climate Delegated Act. Since Continental does not currently report any activities as Taxonomyaligned no Taxonomyaligned capital expenditure or operating expenditure according to categories a and b has been reported. Since no Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure or operating expenditure under category c was identified no Taxonomyaligned capital expenditure or operating expenditure under category c has been reported. 

Score 0.483
As at December loss allowances for trade accounts receivable whose creditworthiness was impaired amounted to . million PY . million. Of the impaired receivables written down in the reporting period . million PY . million is still subject to enforcement measures. Other financial assets Loss allowances equivalent to the gross carrying amount totaling . million PY . million were recognized for other financial assets whose creditworthiness was impaired. Other month and lifetime expected credit losses on other financial assets are not of significance. Cash and cash equivalents derivative instruments and interestbearing investments In order to minimize the default risk for cash and cash equivalents derivative instruments and interestbearing investments the Continental Group generally uses banks that it has classified as core banks on the basis of defined criteria. As a general rule these banks should have at least one investmentgrade credit rating from one of the global rating agencies. The default risk can therefore be considered very low. The creditworthiness of the core banks and of other banks and other business partners with which investments are made loans are granted or derivative instruments are traded in derogation from the core bank principle for operational or regulatory reasons is continuously monitored by tracking not only their credit ratings but also particularly the premiums for insuring against credit risks credit default swap CDS provided such information is available. In addition the Continental Group sets investment limits for each bank and trading limits for derivative instruments. The amount of these limits is based on the creditworthiness of the respective bank. Compliance with these limits is continuously monitored. As in the previous year expected credit losses from cash and cash equivalents and other interestbearing investments measured at amortized cost as well as assets measured at amortized cost with impaired creditworthiness are not significant. . Currency management The international nature of the Continental Groups business activities results in deliveries and payments in various currencies. Currencyexchange fluctuations involve the risk of losses because assets denominated in currencies with a falling exchange rate lose value while liabilities denominated in currencies with a rising exchange rate become more expensive. For hedging it is allowed to use only derivative instruments that have been defined in corporatewide policies and can be reported and measured in the treasury management system. It is generally not permitted to use financial instruments that do not meet these criteria. 

Score 0.482
The additions to restructuring provisions resulted mainly from a program to simplify administrative structures processes and hierarchical levels in the Automotive segment. The program is to be implemented gradually by the end of . Further significant additions to restructuring provisions resulted from the planned closure of a German location in the Automotive segment which will be implemented gradually by the end of . Contrary to the original estimates of the effects from restructuring plans agreements were reached over the course of the restructuring measures that resulted in reversals in all segments. The utilization of restructuring provisions mainly related to the implementation of restructuring measures adopted in previous years. The additions to and reversals of provisions for litigation and environmental risks related in particular to product liability risks in the Tires segment in the USA and risks in connection with disputes over industrial property rights. Please see Note . The utilizations relate mainly to the aforementioned product liability risks in the Tires segment and risks in connection with disputes over industrial property rights. The changes in provisions for warranties include utilizations of . million PY . million and reversals of . million PY . million which are offset by additions of . million PY . million. The changes result mainly from specific individual cases within the Automotive and ContiTech segments. The other provisions also include provisions for risks from operations such as those in connection with compensation from customer and supplier claims that are not warranties. They also include provisions for dismantling and tirerecycling obligations and provisions for possible interest payments and penalties on income tax liabilities. In the other provisions contingencies amounting to a high eightfigure sum have been set aside to cover fines imposed based on the proceedings conducted by the public prosecutors office in Hanover in connection with illegal defeat devices in diesel engines. Please see Note . 

Score 0.482
 Definition allocated business with zerotailpipeemission vehicles comprises all business with products for vehicles transporting goods and people. The business can be allocated via the vehicle manufacturer the vehicle platform or the product specification for example. The data includes both pure business and attributable business such as in the case of combined vehicle platforms. For the Tires ContiTech and Contract Manufacturing group sectors the sales reported at the end of the year were included. In the case of the Automotive group sector a calculation was carried out for passenger cars and light commercial vehicles using internal vehiclespecific planning data for sales and external data for production quantities and for medium and heavy commercial vehicles this was based on the relevant customer portfolio. 

Score 0.479
In addition to the comments in Note the disclosure requirements arising from IFRS Revenue from Contracts with Customers are grouped together in this note. Continental Group as lessee Rightofuse assets The rightofuse assets recognized from leases relate primarily to the leasing of land and buildings at various locations worldwide. To a small extent rightofuse assets are recognized for technical equipment and machinery as well as other equipment factory and office equipment. Additions within the rightofuse assets amounted to . million for the reporting year PY . million. These resulted mainly from additions to land and buildings in the amount of . million PY . million and from additions to other equipment factory and office equipment in the amount of . million PY . million. The additions to rightofuse assets due to changes in the scope of consolidation in the amount of . million resulted mainly from the acquisition of Printing Solutions Sweden Holding AB Telleborg Sweden. Please see Note . Impairment on rightofuse assets resulted in expenses totaling . million of which . million was attributable to administrative expenses and . million to selling and logistics expenses. The impairment mainly related to administrative buildings in the amount of . million. In addition reversals of impairment losses on rightofuse assets resulted in income of . million within the scope of selling and logistics expenses. The rightofuse assets reported as at December in the amount of . million PY . million correspond to . PY . of all property plant and equipment of the Continental Group. The weighted average lease term is approximately five years PY approx. five years for rightofuse assets for land and buildings approximately three years PY approx. four years for rightofuse assets for technical equipment and machinery and approximately four years PY approx. three years for rightofuse assets for other equipment factory and office equipment.

Score 0.477
Other This business model constitutes a catchall category. This model occurs in the Continental Group in connection with recognized trade accounts receivable from third parties which will probably be sold under a true saleofreceivables factoring agreement however it is fundamentally of subordinate importance in the Continental Group. In addition to the analysis of the business model the contractual terms applicable on acquisition of the financial instrument must also be assessed SPPI solely payments of principal and interest criterion. The SPPI criterion is met when the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding are consistent with a basic lending arrangement. 

Score 0.476
Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems Publication of the Environmental Delegated Act under EU Taxonomy Regulation was accompanied by the introduction of amendments to the Climate Delegated Act comprising changes to the existing activities for the two climate objectives as well the inclusion of new economic activities for the two climate objectives. This affects among others the two economic activities of category . Manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category . Manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents. Furthermore the EU Commission made it explicit in Recital of Delegated Regulation amending Delegated Regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector is a Taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category . Manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies. While the amendments to the Climate Delegated Act do clear up some existing ambiguities in terms of how the regulation is to be interpreted when it comes to the Taxonomy eligibility of Continentals economic activities reporting pursuant to the EU Taxonomy Regulation remains fraught with uncertainty for Continental. This is mainly because unclear wording continues to be used in the regulations and notes on determining Taxonomy eligibility and in particular Taxonomy alignment as well as the calculations for key performance indicators for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure as they pertain to the economic activities relevant for Continental. As a result these regulations and notes are still open to interpretation. From Continentals perspective there is also uncertainty about the interaction between the various regulations delegated acts and official answers to frequently asked questions. Furthermore the short implementation period granted by the delegated act published in means that many questions of interpretation related to implementation have not yet been conclusively clarified. In interpreting the regulation we also take into consideration the assessments of industry associations in the supplier and automotive industries the reporting practices of European suppliers for and unofficial assessments by various experts. 

Score 0.475
. . Tax on other comprehensive income . . Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss Currency translation

Score 0.474
Adjusted EBIT Adjusted EBIT for the Contract Manufacturing group sector increased by .million or . yearonyear in to .million PY .million corresponding to a margin of . PY . of adjusted sales. EBIT The Contract Manufacturing group sector reported a yearonyear decrease in EBIT of .million or . to .million in PY .million. The return on sales fell to . PY .. For the Contract Manufacturing group sector total consolidated expense from special effects in amounted to .million PY income of .million. For further details please see our comments on pages and regarding the special effects in and . The ROCE was . PY .. ProcurementProcurement in the Contract Manufacturing group sector was characterized by a stabilized supply chain notwithstanding some isolated shortages. Production capacities at suppliers were adjusted to annual requirements and prices followed the general market trend. Due to the contractual arrangements with Vitesco Technologies all price changes in the purchasing volume are passed on to Vitesco Technologies on a quarterly basis and therefore have no influence on the operating result of the Contract Manufacturing group sector. Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization fell by .million compared with fiscal to .million PY .million and amounted to . PY . of sales. It included impairment totaling .million in PY .million. Operating assets Operating assets in the Contract Manufacturing group sector decreased by .million yearonyear to .million PY .million as at December . Working capital was down .million at .million PY .million. Inventories decreased by .million to .million PY .million. Operating receivables fell by .million to .million PY .million as at the reporting date. Operating liabilities were down .million at .million PY .million. Noncurrent operating assets were down .million yearonyear at .million PY .million. At .million property plant and equipment were .million below the previous years level of .million. Other intangible assets fell by . million to .million PY .million. Exchangerate effects increased the total operating assets of the Contract Manufacturing group sector by .million in the reporting year PY decrease of .million. Average operating assets in the Contract Manufacturing group sector fell by .million compared with fiscal to . million PY .million. Capital expenditure additions Additions in the Contract Manufacturing business area decreased by .million yearonyear to .million PY .million. The capital expenditure ratio was . PY .. The capital expenditure was primarily attributable to production equipment for the manufacture of specific products and the implementation of new technologies. Employees The number of employees in the Contract Manufacturing group sector fell by compared with the previous year totaling as at December PY . 

Score 0.469
The following tables show the breakdown of sales in accordance with IFRS Revenue from Contracts with Customers into main geographical markets segments customer groups and product types Sales from January to December 

Score 0.468
 . . . . . . . . . . Selling and logistics expenses

Score 0.467
New developments for the originalequipment business are not marketable until Continental AG has been nominated as the supplier for the particular vehicle platform or model and furthermore has successfully fulfilled preproduction release stages. Moreover these release stages serve as the prerequisite to demonstrate the technical feasibility of the product especially given the high demands imposed on safety and comfort technology. Accordingly development costs are recognized as an asset only as at the date of nomination as supplier and upon fulfillment of a specific pre production release stage. The development is considered to be completed once the final approval for the unlimited production is granted. Only very few development projects fulfill the recognition criteria. Although suppliers are nominated by original equipment manufacturers with the general obligation to supply products over the entire life of the particular model or platform these supply agreements constitute neither longterm contracts nor firm commitments in particular because the original equipment manufacturers make no commitments in regard to purchase quantities. For this reason all preproduction expenses with the exception of the capitalized development costs as previously described are recognized immediately in profit or loss. Productrelated expenses Costs for advertising sales promotion and other salesrelated items are expensed as incurred. Provisions are recognized for possible warranty claims on sold products on the basis of past experience as well as legal and contractual terms. Additional provisions are recognized for specific known cases. Financial result and investment income Interest income and expenses are recognized for the period to which they relate. Dividends are recognized in profit or loss if legal entitlement to payment of the dividend is established the economic benefit associated with the dividend is likely to be received and the dividend amount can be measured reliably. Earnings per share Basic earnings per share are calculated on the basis of the weighted average number of shares issued. Treasury stock is deducted for the period it is held. Diluted earnings per share also include shares from the potential exercise of option or conversion rights. The corresponding expenses that would no longer be incurred after the conversion or exchange are eliminated. Statement of financial position classification Assets and liabilities are reported as noncurrent assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position if they have a remaining term of over one year and conversely as current assets and liabilities if the remaining term is shorter. Liabilities are treated as current if there is no unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least months after the end of the reporting period. Pension provisions provisions for other postemployment benefits and other employee benefits as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities are accounted for as noncurrent. If assets and liabilities have both current and noncurrent portions the amounts are classified separately and shown as current and noncurrent assets or liabilities. Goodwill Goodwill corresponds to the difference between the acquisition cost and the fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities of the business combination. Goodwill is not subject to amortization it is tested for impairment at least annually and if necessary impaired. The details of the annual impairment test are described under Impairment in this note. Once an impairment loss has been recognized on goodwill it is not reversed in subsequent periods. Intangible assets Purchased intangible assets are carried at acquisition costs and internally generated intangible assets at their production costs provided that the conditions for recognition of an internally generated intangible asset are met in accordance with IAS Intangible Assets. If intangible assets have finite useful lives they are amortized on a straightline basis over a useful life of three to eight years in general. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested at least annually for impairment and if necessary impaired. The details of the annual impairment test are described under Impairment in this note. Property plant and equipment Property plant and equipment is measured at cost less straightline depreciation. If necessary additional impairment is recognized on the affected items. Production cost consists of the direct costs and attributable material and manufacturing overheads including depreciation. Under certain conditions portions of the borrowing costs are capitalized as part of the acquisition cost. This also applies to finance leases and investment property. As soon as an asset is available for its intended use subsequent cost is capitalized only to the extent the related modification changes the function of the asset or increases its economic value and the cost can be clearly identified. All other subsequent expenditure is recognized as current maintenance expense. Property plant and equipment is broken down into the lowest level of the components that have significantly different useful lives and to the extent integrated in other assets when they are likely to be replaced or overhauled during the overall life of the related main asset. Maintenance and repair costs are recognized in profit or loss as incurred. The Continental Group has no property plant or equipment that by the nature of its operation and deployment can be repaired and serviced only in intervals over several years. The useful lives are up to years for buildings and land improvements up to years for technical equipment and machinery and up to years for operating and office equipment. 

Score 0.462
The required information on the business model can be found in the Structure of the Continental Group section starting on page and in the Strategy of the Continental Group section starting on page. Information on risks can be found in the report on risks and opportunities starting on page. Beyond this no additional risks in relation to nonfinancial topic areas were identified pursuant to Sectionc HGB. 

Score 0.462
 . . Income from equityaccounted investees . . Other income from investments . . EBIT . . Interest income . . Interest expense . . Effects from currency translation . . Effects from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments and other valuation effects . . Financial result . . Earnings before tax . . Income tax expense . . Net income . . Noncontrolling interests . . Net income attributable to the shareholders of the parent . . Basic earnings per share in . . Diluted earnings per share in . . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.462
The regional distribution of sales in was as follows 

Score 0.461
The following section constitutes the combined nonfinancial statement in accordance with Sections b and c in conjunction with Sections b to e of the German Commercial Code Handelsgesetzbuch HGB for the Continental Group and ContinentalAG for fiscal . It contains in a separate section the information that needs to be disclosed for fiscal in accordance with Art. of EU Taxonomy Regulation in conjunction with Art. of Delegated Regulation . The independent auditors report also covers the combined non financial statement and can be found starting on page. 

Score 0.455
Responsibility Statement by the Companys Legal RepresentativesMembers of the Executive Board and Their DirectorshipsMembers of the Supervisory Board and Their DirectorshipsTenYear Review Continental GroupFinancial CalendarPublication Details

Score 0.454
In the Automotive segment investments were made at locations in Germany as well as in China Mexico Romania Serbia the USA Czechia Lithuania and Hungary. In particular production capacity was increased in the Safety and Motion User Experience Architecture and Networking and Autonomous Mobility business areas. There were major additions related to the construction of new manufacturing plants for electronic brake systems and innovative display and operating solutions as well as vehicle electronics such as highperformance computers and radar and camera solutions. Investments were made to construct new production sites in Kaunas Lithuania and Novi Sad Serbia. In the Tires segment investments were made to optimize and expand production capacity at existing plants in European bestcost locations and in the USA China Germany Brazil Thailand and Mexico. There were major additions related to the expansion of the production site in Hefei China. Quality assurance and costcutting measures were implemented as well. In the ContiTech segment production capacity was expanded in Germany China the USA Mexico Brazil Hungary and Romania. There were major additions related to the expansion of production capacity in selected growth markets for the Surface Solutions Mobile Fluid Systems Conveying Solutions and Power Transmission Group business areas. In addition investments were made in all business areas to optimize existing production processes. In the Contract Manufacturing segment the capital expenditure was primarily attributable to production equipment for the manufacture of specific products and the implementation of new technologies. The addition to property plant and equipment from changes in the scope of consolidation totaling . million resulted mainly from the acquisition of Printing Solutions Sweden Holding AB Telleborg Sweden. Please see Note . In the previous year the addition to property plant and equipment totaling . million resulted mainly from the acquisition of WCCO Belting LLC Wilmington Delaware USA. Impairment on property plant and equipment resulted in expenses totaling . million of which . million was attributable to cost of sales and . million to administrative expenses. The impairment mainly related to an administration building in the amount of . million and a plant closure in the amount of . million. Impairments were also incurred due to the scrapping of machinery. In addition reversals of impairment losses on property plant and equipment resulted in income of . million within the scope of cost of sales. Government investment grants of . million PY . million were deducted directly from cost. As in the previous year no borrowing costs were capitalized when applying IAS Borrowing Costs. Please see Note for information on reclassifications during the period to assets held for sale. There are restrictions on title and property plant and equipment pledged as security for liabilities in the amount of . million PY . million. Please see Note for information on the rightofuse assets that are recognized under property plant and equipment in accordance with IFRS Leases. 

Score 0.452
. . . in of adjusted sales . . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. Excluding impairment on financial investments. Impairment also includes necessary reversals of impairment losses. Capital expenditure on property plant and equipment and software. Excluding trainees. Before changes in the scope of consolidation. Before amortization of intangible assets from purchase price allocation PPA changes in the scope of consolidation and special effects. 

Score 0.452
. . . in of adjusted sales . . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. Excluding impairment on financial investments. Impairment also includes necessary reversals of impairment losses. Capital expenditure on property plant and equipment and software. Excluding trainees. Before changes in the scope of consolidation. Before amortization of intangible assets from purchase price allocation PPA changes in the scope of consolidation and special effects.

Score 0.452
In accordance with the provisions of IFRS Operating Segments Continental AGs segment reporting is based on the management approach with regard to segment identification under which information regularly provided to the chief operating decisionmaker for decisionmaking purposes is considered decisive. The activities of the Continental Group are divided into the following segments Automotive offers technologies for safety brake chassis motion and motioncontrol systems. Its portfolio also includes innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving display and operating technologies audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior as well as intelligent information and communication technology associated with the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to vehicle connectivity architecture and electronics as well as highperformance computers and software solutions round off the range of products and services. With its premium portfolio in the car truck bus twowheel and specialty tire segment Tires stands for innovative solutions in tire technology. Intelligent products and services related to tires and the promotion of sustainability complete the portfolio. For specialist dealers and fleet management Tires offers digital tire monitoring and tire management systems in addition to other services with the aim of keeping fleets mobile and increasing their efficiency. With its tires Continental contributes to safe efficient and environmentally friendly mobility. ContiTech focuses on development and materials expertise in products and systems made from rubber plastic metal and textiles which can also be equipped with electronic components to optimize their functionality for custom service applications. ContiTechs industrial growth areas are primarily in energy agriculture and construction as well as interior design. ContiTech also serves the automotive and transportation industries along with the railway engineering sector. The contract manufacturing of products by Continental companies for Vitesco Technologies is consolidated in Contract Manufacturing. This contract manufacturing is not intended to be a permanent situation rather the operational separation of production will continue to be promoted and the volume of contract manufacturing reduced. These segments correspond to the group sectors as defined in the Structure of the Continental Group section of the consolidated management report. Otherholdingconsolidation This comprises centrally managed subsidiaries and affiliates such as holding financing and insurance companies as well as the holding function of Continental AG and certain effects of consolidation. It also contains the effects on earnings of uncertain risks particularly those in connection with contractual and similar claims or obligations representing among other things risks from investments that cannot currently be assigned to the individual operating units. Internal control and reporting within the Continental Group are based on International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS as described in Note . The Continental Group measures the performance of its segments on the basis of their adjusted operating result adjusted EBIT. Their performance is expressed as the return on sales adjusted EBIT divided by adjusted sales and as the return on capital employed ROCE which represents EBIT as a percentage of average operating assets. Intersegment sales and other proceeds are determined at arms length prices. For administrative services performed by centrally operated companies or by the Continental Groups management costs are calculated on an arms length basis in line with utilization. Where direct allocation is not possible costs are assigned according to the services performed. The segment assets comprise the operating assets of the assets side of the statement of financial position as at the end of the reporting period. The segment liabilities show the operating asset parts on the liabilities side of the statement of financial position. Capital expenditure relates to additions to property plant and equipment and software as well as additions to capitalized rightofuse assets in line with IFRS Leases and additions to capitalized borrowing costs in line with IAS Borrowing Costs. Depreciation and amortization include the scheduled diminution of and the impairment on intangible assets property plant and equipment capitalized rightofuse assets and investment properties as well as the impairment on goodwill. This figure does not include impairment on financial investments. Noncash expensesincome mainly include additions to and reversals of pension and warranty provisions as well as provisions for litigation and environmental risks. In the segment information broken down by country and region sales are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective customers in contrast capital expenditure and segment assets are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective companies. Viewed across all segments Continental recorded sales totaling . million PY . million with a group of companies under common control in the year under review. In the Continental Group generated of its sales in the USA PY in Germany PY and in China PY . Other than these countries there were no countries in which more than of sales were achieved as was also the case in the previous year. 

Score 0.451
 millions December December Liabilities on guarantees . . Liabilities on warranties . . Risks from taxation and customs . . Other financial obligations . . Other contingent liabilities . . Contingent liabilities and other financial obligations . . 

Score 0.45
Development of Key Customer Sectors and Sales RegionsDevelopment of Raw Materials Markets

Score 0.45
Taxonomyeligible Economic Activities 

Score 0.449
IFRIC. International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee predecessor of the IFRS IC. IFRS. International Financial Reporting Standards. The standards are developed and resolved by the IASB. In a broad sense they also include the IAS the interpretations of the IFRS IC or of the predecessor IFRIC as well as the former SIC. IFRS IC. International Financial Reporting Standards Interpretations Committee. Interestrate swap. The exchange of interest payments between two parties. For example this allows variable interest rates to be exchanged for fixed interest or vice versa. Net indebtedness. The net amount of interestbearing financial liabilities as recognized in the statement of financial position the fair values of the derivative instruments cash and cash equivalents as well as other interestbearing investments. This figure is the basis for calculating key figures of the capital structure. Operating assets. The assets less liabilities as reported in the statement of financial position without recognizing the net indebtedness sale of trade accounts receivable deferred tax assets income tax receivables and payables as well as other financial assets and debts. Average operating assets are calculated as at the end of the quarterly periods and according to our definition correspond to the capital employed. Organic sales growth. Sales performance of a unit before changes in the scope of consolidation and exchangerate effects. Therefore describes a units performance relying on its own resources.PPA. Purchase price allocation. The process of breaking down the purchase price and assigning the values to the identified assets liabilities and contingent liabilities following a business combination. Subsequent adjustments to the opening statement of financial position resulting from differences between the preliminary and final fair values at the date of initial consolidation are also recognized as PPA. Rating. Standardized indicator for the international finance markets that assesses and classifies the creditworthiness of a debtor. The classification is the result of an economic analysis of the debtor by specialist rating companies. Research and development expenses net. Research and development expenses net are defined as expenses for research and development less reimbursements and subsidies that we received in this context.Return on capital employed ROCE. The ratio of EBIT to average operating assets for the fiscal year. The ROCE corresponds to the rate of return on the capital employed and is used to assess the companys profitability and efficiency. SIC. Standing Interpretations Committee predecessor of the IFRIC. Tax rate. The ratio of income tax expense to the earnings before tax. It can be used to estimate the companys tax burden. Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents after the deduction of cash and cash equivalents that are subject to certain restrictions as is the case for example with pledged amounts and balances in countries with foreignexchange restrictions or other barriers to accessing liquidity. Taxes to be paid on the transfer of cash assets from one country to another are not usually considered to represent a restriction on cash and cash equivalents. Weighted average cost of capital WACC. The weighted average cost of the required return on equity and net interestbearing liabilities. Working capital. Inventories plus trade accounts receivable less trade accounts payable. Sales of trade accounts receivable are not included.

Score 0.449
Liabilities for selling expenses relate in particular to obligations from bonus agreements with customers and deferred price reductions granted. The other financial liabilities result from the reacquisition by Continental AG Hanover of a . million share in ContiTech AG Hanover now operating as ContiTech Deutschland GmbH Hanover from Continental Pension Trust e. V. Hanover. Please see Note of the previous year for further details. 

Score 0.445
The additions to purchased intangible assets from changes in the scope of consolidation are attributable primarily to customer relationships and knowhow. Other additions related mainly to software in the amount of . million PY . million. Under IAS Intangible Assets . million PY . million of the total development costs incurred in qualified for recognition as an asset. Amortization of other intangible assets amounted to . million PY . million. Of this . million PY . million is included in the consolidated statement of income under cost of sales and . million PY . million under administrative expenses. The other intangible assets include carrying amounts adjusted for translationrelated exchangerate effects and not subject to amortization in the amount of . million PY . million. These relate in particular to the Elektrobit brand name Software and Central Technologies CGU in the amount of . million PY . million the Phoenix brand name Industrial Fluid Solutions Conveying Solutions and Advanced Dynamics Solutions CGUs in the amount of . million PY . million and the Matador brand name Replacement EMEA Europe the Middle East and Africa CGU in the amount of . million PY . million. The purchased intangible assets also include the carrying amounts of software amounting to . million PY . million which are amortized on a straightline basis as scheduled. 

Score 0.443
agreement in certain cases includes an embedded lease whereby Continental acts as lessee of the production equipment and bears the investment risk. Due to variable lease payments from Continental to Vitesco Technologies which are made according to customer calls for delivery no rightofuse assets or corresponding lease liabilities are recognized. In the fiscal year under review the expenses for variable lease payments due to contract manufacturing amounted to . million PY . million. In connection with contract manufacturing the Continental Group expects future cash outflows from variable lease payments of . million PY . million for the remaining lease terms. Continental Group as lessor The Continental Group acts as lessor in some business relationships. These constitute operating leases as well as finance leases. Whereas for operating leases the Continental Group retains the material risks and rewards incidental to ownership for finance leases these are transferred to the lessee. Operating leases Lease income from operating leases in which the Continental Group acts as lessor amounted to . million PY . million. These related primarily to the subleasing of land and buildings. Future cash inflows resulting from operating leases as at the end of the reporting period are shown in the following table 

Score 0.442
 In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.442
FVOCIwoR . . . . Derivative instruments and interestbearing investments Derivative instruments not accounted for as effective hedging instruments FVPL . . . Debt instruments FVPL . . . Debt instruments at cost . . Trade accounts receivable without lease receivables Trade accounts receivable at cost . . Bank drafts FVOCIwR . . . Trade accounts receivable FVPL . . . Other financial assets without lease receivables Other financial assets FVPL . . . . Other financial assets at cost . . Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at cost . . Cash and cash equivalents FVPL . . . Financial assets without lease receivables . . . . . Indebtedness without lease liabilities Derivative instruments not accounted for as effective hedging instruments FVPL . . . Other indebtedness at cost . . . . Trade accounts payable at cost . . Other financial liabilities at cost . . Financial liabilities without lease liabilities . . . . Aggregated according to categories as defined in IFRS Financial assets FVOCIwR . Financial assets FVOCIwoR . Financial assets FVPL . Financial assets at cost . Financial liabilities FVPL . Financial liabilities at cost . Excluding investments in unconsolidated affiliated companies.

Score 0.441
 millions Automotive Tires ContiTech Contract Manufacturing Other Holding Consolidation Continental Group Total assets . . . . . . Cash and cash equivalents . . Short and longterm derivative instruments interestbearing investments . . Other financial assets . . . . . . Less financial assets . . . . . . Less other nonoperating assets . . . . . . Deferred tax assets . . Income tax receivables . . Less income tax assets . . Segment assets . . . . . . Total liabilities and provisions . . . . . . Short and longterm indebtedness . . Other financial liabilities . . Less financial liabilities . . Deferred tax liabilities . . Income tax payables . . Less income tax liabilities . . Less other nonoperating liabilities . . . . . . Segment liabilities . . . . . . Operating assets . . . . . . 

Score 0.441
 . . Selling and logistics expenses

Score 0.439
 millions Restructuring provisions Litigation and environmental risks Warranties Other provisions As at January . . . . Additions . . . . Utilizations . . . . Reclassifications . . . . Changes in the scope of consolidation . . . Reversals . . . . Interest . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . As at December . . . . 

Score 0.438
In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. In addition the assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas was adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly for both factors.

Score 0.438
Our ambition As set out in our sustainability ambition we strive for responsible sourcing and business partnerships by at the latest together with our partners along the value chain. Our understanding of a responsible value chain thus refers to our supply chain and customer relationships and to our own locations. Of central importance for our ambition are the requirements and speed of transformation of our customers industries and markets as well as the resulting transformation opportunities and risks. ConceptContinental operates in complex global value chains that are exposed to a variety of risks associated with the violation of protected rights. Risks within this context are always related to the potential negative impact on people and the environment. Continental has therefore established a comprehensive management system for ensuring its due diligence obligations in order to identify risks in connection with defined protected rights within its supply chain and in its own business units. For this purpose responsibilities rules and processes have been clearly defined for this purpose including riskmitigation measures and control mechanisms. The responsible value chain due diligence system RVCDDS focuses on the protected rights defined by us and will be developed further in line with the development of dynamic economic social and environmental requirements. The RVCDDS applies to ContinentalAG and to all subsidiaries in which the Continental Group exercises a controlling influence. The Executive Board of ContinentalAG is updated on the current status by the Continental Groups human rights officer at least once a year and decides on the systems effectiveness appropriateness and potential for improvement. It then proposes any suitable improvements to the RVCDDS where necessary either to the system as a whole or to selected elements. The RVCDDS is additionally integrated into Continentals overarching internal control system risk management system and compliance management system. As a key prevention measure at corporate level Continental has adopted responsible value chain commitments RVC commitments that are accessible online at www.continentalsustainability.com. These commitments address the defined risk categories and formulate what is expected of the companys own business units and employees as well as of its direct suppliers. The RVC commitments surpass the minimum legal requirements especially when it comes to working conditions. On top of this Continental has anchored further prevention measures in its own business units and with respect to direct suppliers. Within the RVCDDS our Code of Conduct defines the fundamental requirements for our employees while the Business Partner Code of Conduct defines the fundamental requirements among others for our suppliers as well as their suppliers with regard to human rights working conditions environmental protection conflict minerals and anticorruption. The Business Partner Code of Conduct is updated regularly most recently in fiscal to reflect changes or adjustments to relevant legislation. For suppliers of natural rubber our sourcing policy for sustainable natural rubber additionally applies. The existing corporatewide whistleblower system within ContinentalAG the Continental Integrity Hotline was expanded as part of the legal requirements under the German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtengesetz and is available both to employees within the Continental Group as well as persons outside the company. The Integrity Hotline is open for information on potential violations of human rights and environmental rights among other issues. Alongside the whistleblower system a range of other resources are used to investigate potential protected right violations and implement preventive and remedial measures where necessary. The RVCDDS additionally defines the framework for taking remedial measures within the companys own business units as well as toward direct suppliers and should the situation arise also toward indirect suppliers. Sustainability aspects are also taken into consideration at various other points in supplier management. For example selected suppliers are evaluated based on various criteria using selfassessment questionnaires which we collect via the generally accepted sustainability platforms for our industries such as EcoVadis and NQC. These questionnaires are reviewed annually at the corporate level. Selective local audits or other audit activities are also carried out for example in relation to the existence of management systems. We also continue to develop our approach for the responsible value chain in dialogue with external stakeholders and support the development of industrywide standards for example through our participation in industry dialogue with the German government on human rights in the automotive industry. Here we have worked in particular to cultivate a shared understanding of industry risks and due diligence requirements. We are also involved in initiatives and associations such as econsense the Responsible Business Alliance RBA and the Global Platform for Sustainable Natural Rubber GPSNR. 

Score 0.438
Contract ManufacturingOverall Statement on the Business Performance and Position of the Continental GroupContinental AG Short Version in Accordance with HGBOther InformationDependent Company ReportAdditional Disclosures and Notes Pursuant to Sections a and a HGBRemuneration of the Executive BoardCorporate Governance Statement Pursuant to Sections f and d HGBReport on Risks and OpportunitiesContinentals Internal Control and Risk Management SystemMaterial RisksFinancial RisksRisks Related to the Markets in which Continental OperatesRisks Related to Continentals Business OperationsLegal and Environmental RisksMaterial OpportunitiesStatement on Overall Risk and Opportunities SituationReport on Expected DevelopmentsFuture General ConditionsForecast of Macroeconomic Development	Forecast for Key Customer Sectors and Sales RegionsOutlook for the Continental Group 

Score 0.437
 millions Right of use for land and buildings Right of use for technical equipment and machinery Right of use for other equipment factory and office equipment Total As at January Cost . . . . Accumulated amortization . . . . Book value . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . Additions . . . . Transfers . . . . Disposals . . . . Amortization . . . . Impairment . . . Book value . . . . As at December Cost . . . . Accumulated amortization . . . . Book value . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . Additions . . . . Additions from the firsttime consolidation of subsidiaries . . . . Amounts disposed of through disposal of subsidiaries . . Disposals . . . . Amortization . . . . Impairment

Score 0.436
Continental Aktiengesellschaft Continental AG whose registered office is ContinentalPlaza Hanover Germany is the parent company of the Continental Group and a listed stock corporation. It is entered in the commercial register of the Hanover Local Court Amtsgericht under HR B . The Continental Group is a supplier to the automotive industry with worldwide operations. The areas of business and main activities in which the Continental Group is engaged are described in more detail in the Segment Reporting section. The consolidated financial statements of Continental AG for fiscal were prepared by resolution of the Executive Board of February and will be submitted to and published in the German Federal Gazette Bundesanzeiger. Continental AG is included in the consolidated financial statements of INAHolding Schaeffler GmbH Co. KG Herzogenaurach Germany which are published in the German Federal Gazette. The consolidated financial statements of Continental AG as at December have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS as adopted by the European Union pursuant to EU Regulation EC No. in conjunction with Section e of the German Commercial Code Handelsgesetzbuch HGB. The term IFRS also includes the International Accounting Standards IAS the interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting Standards Interpretations Committee or its predecessor the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee IFRIC and those of the former Standing Interpretations Committee SIC. All International Financial Reporting Standards mandatory for fiscal have been applied subject to endorsement by the European Union. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of historical cost with the exception of certain financial assets and liabilities including derivative instruments which are measured at fair value assets held for sale which are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell or costs to distribute and defined benefit pension plans for which the plan assets are measured at fair value. The annual financial statements of companies included in the Continental Group have been prepared using uniform accounting policies in accordance with IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements. The reporting date for the individual financial statements of companies included in the Continental Group is the same as the reporting date for the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in euros. Unless otherwise stated all amounts are shown in millions of euros millions. Please note that differences may arise as a result of the use of rounded amounts and percentages. In order to increase transparency Continental changed how income and expenses are presented in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment in the reporting year. Previously these items were reported under other income and other expenses as of fiscal they are assigned to the respective functional areas. This retrospective adjustment due to an amendment of the accounting policies in accordance with IAS Accounting Policies Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors led to a . million increase in cost of sales a . million increase in selling and logistics expenses and a . million increase in administrative expenses for the period from January to December . At the same time research and development expenses decreased by . million other income by . million and other expenses by . million. In addition the presentation of specific expenses primarily personnel expenses incurred in connection with the provision of development services to external customers was adjusted in the Automotive segment. Previously these expenses were reported under research and development expenses now they are reported under cost of sales. The adjustment led to a retrospective reduction in research and development expenses of . million while simultaneously increasing cost of sales by the same amount for the period from January to December . In the Tires segment the reporting of personnel expenses incurred in connection with activities in the workshops of tire companies was adjusted in the reporting year. Previously these expenses were reported under selling and logistics expenses now they are reported under cost of sales. The adjustment led to a retrospective reduction in selling and logistics expenses of . million while simultaneously increasing cost of sales by the same amount for the period from January to December . Companies consolidated All major subsidiaries that Continental AG controls in accordance with the provisions of IFRS have been included in the consolidated financial statements and are fully consolidated. To meet this definition Continental AG must have the decisionmaking power to control the relevant activities and a right to variable returns from the associated company. Furthermore it must be able to use its decisionmaking power to determine the amount of these returns. The companies consolidated may therefore also include companies that are controlled by Continental AG irrespective of the share of voting rights by way of other substantial rights such as contractual agreements as is the case with structured units included in the consolidated financial statements. The consolidation of subsidiaries is based on the acquisition method by offsetting the acquisition cost against the proportion of net assets attributed to the parent company at fair value at the acquisition date. Intangible assets not previously recognized in the separate financial statements of the acquired company are carried at fair value. Intangible assets identified in the course of a business combination including for example brand names patents technology customer relationships and order backlogs are recognized separately at the acquisition date only if the requirements under IAS Intangible Assets for an intangible asset are met. Measurement at the acquisition date is usually provisional only. Increases or reductions of assets and liabilities that become necessary within 

Score 0.436
Business and sales performanceConsolidated sales increased by .million or . yearonyear in to .million PY .million. Before changes in the scope of consolidation and exchangerate effects sales rose by .. Changes in the scope of consolidation had a positive impact on sales performance but were more than offset by negative exchangerate effects of .million. In the Automotive group sector the significant rampup in automotive production coupled with the price adjustments introduced to compensate for cost inflation bolstered sales performance. By contrast growth in the Tires group sector was dampened by weak demand in the replacementtire business and negative exchangerate effects. In ContiTech the effects of the slight downturn in the industrial and automotive replacement business were offset by higher volumes and positive price adjustments in the automotive originalequipment business. Contract Manufacturing reduced its sales in accordance with the contractually agreed procedure between Continental and Vitesco Technologies. 

Score 0.433
Research and development Research and development expenses net increased by . million or . yearonyear to .million PY .million corresponding to . of sales PY .. In the Automotive group sector costs in connection with initial product development projects in the originalequipment business are capitalized. Costs are capitalized as at the time at which we are named as a supplier and have successfully achieved a specific prerelease stage. Capitalization ends with the approval for unlimited volume production. The costs of customerspecific applications preproduction prototypes and testing for products already being sold do not qualify as development expenditure that may be recognized as an intangible asset. Capitalized development expenses are amortized on a straightline basis over a useful life of three to seven years and recognized in the cost of sales. In the opinion of the Continental Group the assumed useful life reflects the period for which an economic benefit is likely to be derived from the corresponding development projects. Of the development costs incurred in including development expenses for internally developed software .million PY .million in the Automotive group sector qualified for recognition as an asset. As in the previous year the requirements for the capitalization of development activities were not met in the Tires ContiTech or Contract Manufacturing group sectors. This results in a capitalization ratio of . PY . for the Continental Group. Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization decreased by .million to .million PY .million equivalent to . of sales PY .. It included impairment totaling .million in PY .million. Financial result The negative financial result increased by .million yearonyear to .million in PY .million. This increase was primarily attributable to the global interest rate trend on the capital markets. Interest income rose by .million yearonyear to .million in PY .million. Interest income in connection with income tax payables accounted for .million of the total PY . million. For details about the higher prioryear value please refer to the comments in the annual report. 

Score 0.433
sales of brake systems and airbag control units. The User Experience business area was able to offset the effect of discontinued product areas by significantly improving sales figures for display solutions. Sales volumes in the Smart Mobility business area were especially impressive in the commercial vehicle sector and in the replacementparts business. These higher volumes were additionally bolstered in the reporting year by price adjustments to offset inflationrelated effects. Sales rose by . yearonyear to .million PY . million. Before changes in the scope of consolidation and exchangerate effects sales rose by .. Adjusted EBIT Adjusted EBIT for the Automotive group sector increased by . million or . yearonyear in to .million PY.million corresponding to . PY. of adjusted sales. EBIT The Automotive group sector reported a yearonyear increase in EBIT of .million or . to.million in PY.million. The return on sales consequently improved to. PY.. The amortization of intangible assets from purchase price allocation PPA reduced EBIT by .million PY .million. For the Automotive group sector total consolidated expense from special effects in amounted to .million PY .million. For further details please see our comments on pages and regarding the special effects in and . The ROCE was. PY.. Procurement Electronic components and semiconductors are essential semi finished products for the Automotive group sector. The fluctuations in consumption triggered by changed consumer behavior in the wake of the COVID pandemic and advancing digitalization coupled with the resulting temporary shortage of semiconductors continued to make their presence felt in . This further drove up prices especially for supplycritical automotivespecific components but customer demand was still largely met overall. The prices of steel aluminum copper and plastics which are important raw materials for the Automotive sector rose significantly until the middle of the year in anticipation of a global economic upturn. In the wake of the sluggish economic recovery in China and the generally gloomier economic environment in Western countries due to creeping inflation and interest rate hikes however raw material prices began to fall again from the middle of the year onward. Raw material manufacturers scaled back production capacities from the market in response to weaker demand and persistently high energy prices in an effort to stabilize prices. Despite these reduced capacities the delivery situation and delivery times remained strained throughout . Research and development Research and development expenses net increased by . million or . yearonyear to .million PY .million corresponding to . PY . of sales. Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization fell by .million compared with fiscal to .million PY .million and amounted to . PY . of sales. It included impairment totaling .million in PY .million. Operating assetsOperating assets in the Automotive group sector increased by .million yearonyear to .million PY . million as at December . Working capital was up .million at .million PY .million. Inventories decreased by .million to . million PY .million. Operating receivables rose by .million to .million PY .million as at the reporting date. Operating liabilities were down . million at .million PY .million. Noncurrent operating assets were up .million at . million PY .million. Goodwill fell by .million to .million PY .million due to exchangerate effects. At .million property plant and equipment were .million above the previous years level of .million. Other intangible assets fell by .million to .million PY .million. Amortization of intangible assets from purchase price allocation PPA in the amount of .million PY . million reduced the value of intangible assets. In fiscal all Russian operations in the Automotive group sector were sold. This decreased operating assets by .million. An asset deal in the Automotive group sector added .million to operating assets. Exchangerate effects decreased the total operating assets of the Automotive group sector by .million in the reporting year PY increase of .million. Average operating assets in the Automotive group sector rose by .million compared with fiscal to .million PY .million. 

Score 0.433
ROCE by group sector Automotive . . Tires . . ContiTech . . Contract Manufacturing . . Continental Group . . 

Score 0.431
Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements 

Score 0.429
Key topics dealt with by the Supervisory Board and the Chairmans Committee At each ordinary meeting of the plenary session the Executive Board informed the Supervisory Board in detail of the sales results and employment development in the Continental Group and individual group sectors as well as the financial situation of the company. Where the actual course of business deviated from the defined plans and targets the Executive Board provided detailed explanations. It discussed the reasons for these deviations and the measures introduced in depth with the Supervisory Board. In addition the Executive Board regularly informed us about the Continental Groups main procurement and sales markets and about ContinentalAGs share price performance. In addition the work of the Supervisory Board and its collaboration with the Executive Board in the year under review continued to be shaped by the transformation process in the automotive industry and its consequences for the company. Sustainabilityrelated issues in particular the reduction of CO

Score 0.428
The corporate governance statement pursuant to Sections f and d of the German Commercial Code Handelsgesetzbuch HGBis available to our shareholders on Continentals website under CompanyCorporate GovernancePrinciples and Declarations. Please also refer to the corporate governance statement pursuant to Sections f and d HGB starting on page of this annual report. 

Score 0.427
. . . . . . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.427
. Provisions for Other Risks and Obligations 

Score 0.424
As part of our sustainability ambition we strive for carbon neutrality and emissionfree mobility and industry by at the latest see also the sections on carbon neutrality and on emissionfree mobility and industry in this combined nonfinancial statement and thus for the expansion of clean and carbonneutral mobility. With this in mind we have introduced performance indicators at a corporate level as part of our sustainability scorecard with the aim of monitoring our progress. In the previous year we used this scorecard to classify the allocated business with emissionfree mobility and industry as the indicator that comprises all economic activities to be disclosed for Continental as Taxonomyeligible with respect to the environmental target of climate change mitigation in accordance with the EU Taxonomy Regulation. It consisted of allocated business with zerotailpipeemission vehicles and allocated lowcarbon business beyond business with zerotailpipeemission vehicles. This business was therefore classified under category . Manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies of the Delegated Regulation for Climate Change Mitigation EU Annex I in the previous year since at the time no general regulations or specific upstream economic activities were provided for. The introduction of category . Manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category . Manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach to the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various Continental economic activities reported as Taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure. In the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipeemission vehicles to category .. Continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is Taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category. This classification is based on the fact that from Continentals perspective the activity designation does not entail any restrictions in terms of components for example in relation to function or drive system and the corresponding components parts and systems are intended for use in road vehicles. The unclearly defined qualification characteristic criterion of activity . essential contribution to environmental performance is in Continentals view part of the assessment of Taxonomy alignment and not Taxonomy eligibility. Alternative interpretations were examined but they were found to be unsuitable by Continental. 

Score 0.423
Adjusted EBIT Adjusted EBIT for the Tires group sector increased by .million or . yearonyear in to .million PY .million corresponding to . PY . of adjusted sales. EBIT The Tires group sector reported a yearonyear increase in EBIT of .million or . to .million in PY . million. The return on sales improved to . PY .. The amortization of intangible assets from purchase price allocation PPA reduced EBIT by .million PY .million. For the Tires group sector total consolidated expense from special effects in amounted to .million PY .million. For further details please see our comments on pages and regarding the special effects in and . The ROCE was . PY .. Procurement The prices of key raw materials and input materials including butadiene and input products based on crude oil fell from the high level of the previous year. Prices likewise contracted on the markets for steel chemicals and textiles although the price level is still higher than before the crisis. Another contributing factor was offsetting cost trends resulting from an updated procurement strategy due to sanctions. Research and development Research and development expenses net increased by . million or . yearonyear to .million PY .million corresponding to . PY . of sales. Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization fell by .million compared with fiscal to .million PY .million and amounted to . of sales PY .. It included impairment totaling .million in PY .million. Operating assets Operating assets in the Tires group sector decreased by . million yearonyear to .million PY .million as at December . Working capital was down .million at .million PY .million. Inventories decreased by .million to .million PY .million. Operating receivables fell by .million to .million PY .million as at the reporting date. Operating liabilities were down .million at .million PY .million. Noncurrent operating assets were up .million at .million PY .million. Goodwill fell by .million to . million PY .million. This decrease resulted entirely from exchangerate effects. Property plant and equipment rose by . million to .million PY .million. Other intangible assets fell by .million to .million PY .million. Amortization of intangible assets from purchase price allocation PPA in the amount of .million PY .million reduced the value of intangible assets. In fiscal all Russian operations in the Tires group sector were sold. This decreased operating assets by .million. The sales of an equityaccounted investee likewise adversely impacted operating assets by .million. Exchangerate effects decreased the total operating assets of the Tires group sector by .million in the reporting year PY increase of .million. Average operating assets in the Tires group sector rose by .million compared with fiscal to .million PY . million. Capital expenditure additions Additions in the Tires group sector increased by .million yearonyear to .million PY .million. The capital expenditure ratio was . PY .. Investments were made to optimize and expand production capacity at existing plants in European bestcost locations and in the USA China Germany Brazil Thailand and Mexico. There were major additions related to the expansion of the production site in Hefei China. Quality assurance and costcutting measures were implemented as well. Employees The number of employees in the Tires group sector fell by to as at December PY . This was primarily due to the sale of operations in Russia while adjustments to demanddriven production had an offsetting effect. 

Score 0.423
. General Information and Accounting Principles 

Score 0.423
 millions See Note December December Subscribed capital . . Capital reserves . . Retained earnings . . Other comprehensive income . . Equity attributable to the shareholders of the parent . . Noncontrolling interests . . Total equity . . Longterm employee benefits . . Deferred tax liabilities . . Longterm provisions for other risks and obligations . . Longterm indebtedness . . Longterm other financial liabilities . . Longterm contract liabilities . . Longterm other liabilities . . Noncurrent liabilities . . Shortterm employee benefits . . Trade accounts payable . . Shortterm contract liabilities . . Income tax payables . . Shortterm provisions for other risks and obligations . . Shortterm indebtedness . . Shortterm other financial liabilities . . Shortterm other liabilities . . Current liabilities . . Total equity and liabilities . . 

Score 0.422
the point in time at which assets and liabilities are classified as held for sale. 

Score 0.421
Organizational structure The Continental Group is divided into four group sectors Automotive Tires ContiTech and Contract Manufacturing. As of January these comprise a total of business areas. A group sector or business area with overall responsibility for a business including its results is classified according to product requirements market trends customer groups and distribution channels. Business responsibility Overall responsibility for managing the company is borne by the Executive Board of Continental Aktiengesellschaft AG. The Automotive Tires and ContiTech group sectors are each represented on the Executive Board. The group functions of ContinentalAG are represented by the chairman of the Executive Board the chief financial officer the Executive Board member responsible for Human Relations and the Executive Board member responsible for Integrity and Law and assume the functions required to manage the Continental Group across the group sectors. They include in particular Finance Controlling IT Human Relations Sustainability Law and Intellectual Property Internal Audit Quality Management and Compliance. The Group Purchasing group function is represented by the Executive Board member responsible for the Tires group sector. Customer structure With a share of consolidated sales the automotive industry with the exception of the replacement business is our most important customer group. This industry is particularly important for the growth of the Automotive group sector. In the Tires group sector sales to dealers and end users represent the largest share of the tirereplacement business. In the ContiTech group sector the customer base is made up of the energy agriculture and construction industries interior design and the automotive and replacement businesses. In the Contract Manufacturing group sector Vitesco Technologies constitutes the sole customer. Companies and locations ContinentalAG is the parent company of the Continental Group. In addition to ContinentalAG the Continental Group comprises companies including noncontrolled companies. The Continental team is made up of employees at locations for production research development and administration in countries and markets. Added to this are distribution locations with companyowned tire outlets and a total of around franchises and operations with a Continental brand presence. 

Score 0.419
The Executive Board had seven members as at December and as at the date of this statement. Information on areas of responsibility and resumes of the Executive Board members are available on Continentals website under CompanyCorporate GovernanceExecutive Board. The Executive Board was expanded from five to seven members effective May . The Executive Board function for Integrity and Law was newly created and filled. In addition the management of the Automotive group sector was transferred from the chairman of the Executive Board to a new member of the Executive Board. The first time a person is appointed to the Executive Board his or her term as a rule is three years only. As a rule a member of the Executive Board is not appointed beyond the statutory retirement age. Only under exceptional circumstances will a member of the Executive Board be reappointed earlier than one year prior to the end of their term of appointment with simultaneous annulment of their current appointment. More information on the members of the Executive Board can be found on page and on Continentals website under CompanyCorporate GovernanceExecutive Board. The Executive Board has ByLaws that regulate in particular the allocation of duties among the Executive Board members key matters pertaining to the company and its subsidiaries that require a decision to be made by the Executive Board the duties of the Executive Board chairman and the process in which the Executive Board passes resolutions. The Executive Board ByLaws are available on Continentals website under CompanyCorporate GovernanceExecutive Board. The Supervisory Board ByLaws on the basis of the Articles of Incorporation require the consent of the Supervisory Board for significant actions taken by management. The Executive Board has established separate boards for the Automotive Tires and ContiTech group sectors. This measure supports the decentralization of responsibility that the global organization of the company seeks to achieve and relieves the burden on the Executive Board. In addition to establishing these boards the Executive Board has delegated to them decisionmaking powers for certain matters that affect only the relevant group sectors. The boards for the three group sectors each comprise the Executive Board member responsible for the group sector in question as their chairman the heads of the relevant business areas within the group sector as well as further members from among the central functions of the relevant group sectors. The Supervisory Board and its practices The Supervisory Board appoints the members of the Executive Board and collaborates with the Executive Board to develop a longterm succession plan. The Supervisory Board discusses this at least once a year without the Executive Board. In order to become acquainted with potential successors the Supervisory Board in consultation with the Executive Board offers them the opportunity to deliver presentations to the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board supervises and advises the Executive Board in managing the company. This includes in particular issues relating to the companys strategy planning business development risk situation risk management compliance and sustainability. The Supervisory Board is directly involved in decisions of material importance to the company. As specified by law the Articles of Incorporation or 

Score 0.419
Embedded derivatives An embedded derivative is a component of a hybrid contract alongside a nonderivative host contract. A portion of the cash flows of the hybrid contract is therefore subject to similar variability as a separate derivative. Nonderivative host contracts with the exception of financial assets are regularly inspected within the Continental Group for embedded derivatives. If the host contract does not fall under the scope of IFRS or if the host contract is a financial liability embedded derivatives must be separated from the host contract if the assessment finds that the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative are not closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract a separate instrument with the same terms would meet the definition of a derivative and Continental does not exercise the option to measure the entire hybrid instrument at fair value through profit or loss. If separation is appropriate the host contract is accounted for in accordance with the relevant IFRS requirements. The embedded derivative is recognized at fair value through profit or loss FVPL. Inventories Inventories are recognized at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Acquisition cost is generally determined using the weightedaverage method. Production cost includes direct costs productionrelated material costs overheads and depreciation. Inventory risks resulting from decreased marketability or excessive storage periods are accounted for with writedowns. Other assets Other assets are recognized at amortized cost. Allowances are recognized as appropriate to reflect any possible risk related to recoverability. Accounting for income taxes Income taxes are measured using the concept of the statement of financial position liability method in accordance with IAS Income Taxes. Tax expenses and refunds that relate to income are recognized as income taxes. Late payment fines and interest arising from subsequently assessed taxes are not reported under the item income tax expense but rather as interest income and expense. Current taxes owed on income are recognized as expenses when they are incurred. They are determined taking into account the respective local tax laws and relevant case law. The complexity of these regulations and the possible differences in interpretation between taxpayers on the one hand and local tax authorities on the other may lead to uncertainties regarding the handling of individual facts and circumstances. These uncertain tax positions are measured in accordance with IFRIC as the mostly likely amount. Owing to the lack of an unrestricted market comparison determining prices for crossborder intercompany transactions is extremely complex and therefore subject to uncertainty. In the Continental Group prices are therefore regularly determined on the basis of the internationally recognized arms length principle taking into account the transfer pricing methods specified by lawmakers and the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD. If there are multiple tax uncertainties and a correlation between them and certain tax parameters they are presented in the financial statements either individually or as a group depending on how the risk is realized. Deferred taxes include expected tax payments and refunds from temporary differences between the carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements and the related tax bases as well as from the utilization of loss carryforwards. No deferred tax is recognized for nontaxdeductible goodwill. The deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the applicable tax rates related to the period when the temporary differences are expected to reverse. Changes in tax rates are recognized once the rate has been substantially enacted. Deferred tax assets are not recognized if it is not probable that they will be realized in the future. In a countryspecific review the extent to which taxrelated risks that are likely to occur can or must be offset against losses or loss carryforwards in the individual countries or tax groups is analyzed. If there is a need for offsetting in the countries or tax groups the probable taxrelated risks are offset against the associated losses and loss carryforwards. As a result the disclosure of deferred taxes on loss carryforwards includes a risk adjustment for the Continental Group units affected. Income tax receivables and liabilities are recognized as current items as they are due immediately and this due date often cannot be deferred. As at the end of the reporting period the regulations known as the Pillar Two Model Rules of the OECD governing a global minimum corporate tax rate had already been carried over into German law under the Minimum Tax Act Mindeststeuergesetz MinStG and apply from January . The Continental Group falls within the scope of these regulations. The minimum tax is levied at the level of INAHolding Schaeffler GmbH Co. KG Herzogenaurach Germany as the parent company of the IHO Group ultimate parent entity and group parent. Within the framework of the requirements stipulated by the minimum tax regulations Continental AG as the parent company of the Continental Group acts as a partially owned parent entity. Continental AG is included in the consolidated financial statements of INAHolding Schaeffler GmbH Co. KG Herzogenaurach Germany and for this reason is jointly assessed with the other companies of the IHO Group when determining the minimum tax. Continental AG is obligated in accordance with Section MinStG to compensate INAHolding Schaeffler GmbH Co. KG Herzogenaurach Germany for the share of the minimum tax attributable to Continental AG. Owing to the expected introduction of socalled recognized national topup taxes it is possible that the duty to pay the minimum tax due may fall on group subsidiaries other than Continental AG. The rules governing the global minimum tax stipulate that per country the difference between the effective tax rate in accordance with the global minimum tax rules and the minimum tax rate based on the adjusted minimum tax profit is to be paid as the minimum tax by the ultimate parent entity i.e. INAHolding 

Score 0.419
 millions See Note Net income . . Income tax expense . . Financial result . . EBIT . . Interest paid . . Interest received . . Income tax paid . . Dividends received . . Depreciation amortization impairment and reversal of impairment losses . . Income from equityaccounted investees and other investments incl. impairment and reversal of impairment losses . . Gainslosses from the disposal of assets companies and business operations . . Changes in inventories . . trade accounts receivable . . trade accounts payable . . employee benefits and other provisions . . other assets and liabilities . . Cash flow arising from operating activities . . Cash flow from the disposal of assets . . Capital expenditure on property plant and equipment and software . . Capital expenditure on intangible assets from development projects and miscellaneous . . Cash flow from the disposal of companies and business operations . . Acquisition of companies and business operations . . Cash flow arising from investing activities . . Cash flow before financing activities free cash flow . . Issuance of bonds . . Redemption of bonds . Repayment of lease liabilities . . Change in other indebtedness . . Change in derivative instruments and interestbearing investments . . Other cash changes . . Dividends paid . . Dividends paid to and cash changes from equity transactions with noncontrolling interests . . Cash flow arising from financing activities . . Change in cash and cash equivalents . . Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the reporting period . . Effect of exchangerate changes on cash and cash equivalents . . Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the reporting period . . 

Score 0.419
IFRS Insurance Contracts replaces IFRS Insurance Contracts and establishes principles for the recognition measurement presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts issued. In June further amendments and clarifications were made to IFRS in order to simplify the requirements of the standard and facilitate the transition to the new regulations. The standard and the consequential amendments to other standards were originally required to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January . The amendments to IFRS deferred the effective date of IFRS including the amendments to IFRS and the consequential amendments to other standards by two years to annual reporting periods beginning on or after January . The standard and the consequential amendments to other standards had no significant effect on the consolidated financial statements of Continental AG. The amendment to IFRS Insurance ContractsInitial Application of IFRS and IFRS Comparative Information adds a transition option classification overlay for entities that apply IFRS and IFRS at the same time. An entity is permitted to apply the option for the purpose of presenting comparative information about a financial asset if the comparative information has not been restated for IFRS . This is the case when the entity chooses not to restate prior periods or if the entity restates prior periods but the financial asset has been derecognized during those prior periods. When applying the option the comparative information should be presented as if the classification and measurement requirements of IFRS for financial assets had been applied. For entities that have applied IFRS before they apply IFRS the option applies to financial assets that have been derecognized in the comparative period. In this case an entity is permitted to apply the redesignation requirements of IFRS based on how the entity expects the asset would have been designated at the date of initial application of IFRS . The amendment is required to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January . The amendment had no significant effect on the consolidated financial statements of Continental AG.The following standards interpretations issued in relation to published standards and amendments have already been adopted by the EU but will not take effect until a later date The amendments to IAS Presentation of Financial StatementsClassification of Liabilities as Current or Noncurrent in clarify the classification of a liability. For a liability to be classified as noncurrent the entitys substantial right to defer settlement of the liability for at least months after the reporting period must exist at the end of the reporting period. For a liability to be noncurrent an assessment is required of whether an entity has the right to defer settlement of a liability and not whether the entity will exercise that right. Furthermore the amendments clarify the circumstances in which counterparty conversion options in relation to issued equity instruments affect classification as current or noncurrent. The amendments also specified how an entity should assess whether it has the right to defer settlement of a liability when that right is subject to compliance with specified conditions covenants within months after the reporting period. Due to strong concerns about its interpretation the IASB addressed this point and made improvements in further amendments to IAS in . These further amendments to IAS Presentation of Financial Statements Noncurrent Liabilities with Covenants clarify that covenants to be complied with after the reporting period do not affect the classification of the corresponding liability as current or noncurrent at the end of the reporting period. Instead the amendments require an entity to disclose information about these covenants in the notes to the financial statements.The amendments to IAS Presentation of Financial StatementsClassification of Liabilities as Current or Noncurrent in were originally required to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January . The additional amendment to IAS Presentation of Financial StatementsClassification of Liabilities as Current or Noncurrent Deferral of Effective Date in July deferred the effective date of the amendments by one year to annual reporting periods beginning on or after January as operational relief due to the COVID pandemic. With the further amendments to IAS Presentation of Financial Statements Noncurrent Liabilities with Covenants in all amendments to IAS together are required to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January . The amendments are expected to have a significant effect on the future consolidated financial statements of Continental AG. In the opening statement of financial position as at January the syndicated loan utilized at the end of the reporting period in the amount of . million is reclassified from current to noncurrent items. The amendments to IFRS Leases Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback refine the accounting treatment for sale and leaseback transactions. The amendments specify the requirements that a sellerlessee should apply when measuring the lease liability arising from a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure that the sellerlessee does not recognize a gain or loss from the right of use retained. The amendments are required to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January . The amendments are not expected to have any significant effect on the future consolidated financial statements of Continental AG. The following standards interpretations issued in relation to published standards and amendments have not yet been adopted by the EU and will become effective at a later date The amendments to IAS Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS Financial Instruments Disclosures Supplier Finance Arrangements require an entity to provide additional disclosures about its supplier finance arrangements that enable users of financial statements to assess the effects of those arrangements on the entitys liabilities and cash flows and on the entitys exposure to liquidity risk. The amendments are required to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January . The amendments are not expected to have any significant effect on the future consolidated financial statements of Continental AG. The amendments to IAS The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates Lack of Exchangeability require an entity to apply a consistent approach to assessing whether a currency is exchangeable into another currency and when it is not to determining the exchange rate to use and the disclosures to provide. A currency is exchangeable into another currency when an entity is able to obtain the other currency within a time frame that allows for a normal administrative delay and through a market or exchange mechanism in which an exchange transaction would create enforceable rights and obligations. If an entity is able to obtain no more than an insignificant amount of the other currency at the measurement date for the specified purpose the currency is not exchangeable 

Score 0.418
Contract Manufacturing Business and sales performance Sales volumes in the Contract Manufacturing group sector decreased yearonyear in . This corresponds to the contractually agreed procedure between Continental and Vitesco Technologies. Sales decreased by . yearonyear to .million PY .million. Before changes in the scope of consolidation and exchangerate effects sales declined by .. 

Score 0.418
Technical equipment and machinery Other equipment factory and office equipment Advances to suppliers and assets under construction Total As at January Cost . . . . . Accumulated depreciation . . . . . Book value . . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . . Additions . . . . . Additions from the firsttime consolidation of subsidiaries . . . . . Amounts disposed of through disposal of subsidiaries . . . . Reclassification tofrom assets held for sale . . . Transfers . . . . . Disposals . . . . . Depreciation . . . . Impairment

Score 0.417
Information about the scope of warranty and product liability claims in fiscal can be also found starting on page of the other disclosures in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. For more information on benchmark in quality see the integrated sustainability report on our website at www.continentalsustainability.com. 

Score 0.416
Since January companies in the real economy have had to provide information on Taxonomy eligibility and Taxonomy alignment with regard to the two climate objectives of the Climate Delegated Act under EU Taxonomy Regulation . In June the Environmental Delegated Act under EU Taxonomy Regulation was published containing the activities and technical assessment criteria for the four remaining environmental objectives. The six environmental objectives of the EU Taxonomy are 

Score 0.415
 millions Automotive Tires ContiTech Contract Manufacturing Other Holding Consolidation Continental Group External sales . . . . . Intercompany sales . . . . . Sales total . . . . . . EBIT segment result . . . . . . in of sales . . . . . thereof income from equityaccounted investees . . . . . Depreciation and amortization

Score 0.415
 millions Automotive Tires ContiTech Contract Manufacturing Other Holding Consolidation Continental Group Germany . . . . . . Europe excluding Germany . . . . . . North America . . . . . . AsiaPacific . . . . . . Other countries . . . . . . Sales by region . . . . . . Automotive originalequipment business . . . . . . Industrialreplacement business . . . . . . Sales by customer type . . . . . . Goods . . . . . . Services . . . . . . Project business . . . . Sales by product type . . . . . . 

Score 0.414
Adjusted EBITAdjusted EBIT for the Continental Group increased by .million or . yearonyear in to .million PY . million corresponding to . PY . of adjusted sales. EBITEBIT was up by .million yearonyear in to . million PY .million an increase of .. The return on sales improved to . PY .. The cost of sales rose by . million to .million PY .million primarily due to higher costs for semifinished products energy logistics and wages and salaries. While the previous years EBIT was encumbered by impairment on goodwill and property plant and equipment in it was restructuring expenses of .million that had an adverse effect. Adjusted EBIT in the reporting year improved by . yearonyear as outlined above. The amortization of intangible assets from purchase price allocation PPA reduced EBIT by .million in the reporting year PY .million. The ROCE was . PY .. Special effects in Total consolidated expense from special effects in amounted to .million. Automotive accounted for .million of this Tires for .million ContiTech for .million Contract Manufacturing for .million and the holding for .million. Impairment on property plant and equipment resulted in expenses totaling .million Automotive .million Tires .million ContiTech .million Contract Manufacturing .million. In addition reversals of impairment losses on property plant and equipment resulted in income of .million in the Automotive group sector. These figures do not include impairment and reversals of impairment losses that arose in connection with restructuring. In the Automotive group sector restructuring expenses of . million were incurred. In addition the reversal of restructuring provisions resulted in income of .million. In the Tires group sector restructuring expenses of .million were incurred. These included impairment on property plant and equipment in the amount of .million. There was also income in connection with restructuring totaling .million .million of which was attributable to a reversal of impairment losses on property plant and equipment. In the ContiTech group sector restructuring expenses of .million were incurred. These included impairment on property plant and equipment in the amount of .million. In addition the reversal of restructuring provisions resulted in income of .million. In the Contract Manufacturing group sector there were restructuring expenses of .million. In addition the reversal of restructuring provisions resulted in income of .million. Restructuringrelated expenses resulted in an expense totaling .million Automotive .million Tires .million ContiTech .million. Severance payments resulted in a negative special effect totaling .million Automotive .million Tires .million ContiTech .million Contract Manufacturing .million holding .million. In the Automotive group sector a share in the equityaccounted associate SAS Autosystemtechnik GmbH Co. KG Karlsruhe Germany was sold in resulting in subsequent income totaling .million. In the Tires group sector the sale of an equityaccounted investee resulted in an expense of .million. The sale of all Russian operations in the Automotive and Tires group sectors and some operations in the ContiTech group sector in Russia resulted in expenses totaling .million Automotive .million Tires .million and income of .million for ContiTech. Loss allowances on accounts receivable writedowns on inventories and debt waivers in connection with the discontinuation of Russian operations also led to expenses totaling .million Tires . million ContiTech .million. 

Score 0.414
For the following overviews of Taxonomy information it should be noted that these were prepared in accordance with the guidelines for the templates in Annex to the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations . Given the uncertainties and interpretations of the Taxonomy Regulation this restriction is relevant since it means for example that the designations as environmentally sustainable or nonenvironmentally sustainable activities only relate to the assessment as per the EU Taxonomy Regulation and not more generally. Continental has no economic activities according to the complementary Delegated Regulation for Gas and Nuclear Activities and therefore does not provide the specific templates. 

Score 0.413
The chief compliance officer reports directly to the Executive Board member responsible for Integrity and Law. The work done by Group Compliance focuses mainly on preventing and detecting corruption fraud and other property offenses violations of antitrust and competition law and money laundering implementing data protection and responding to compliance violations. For other legal areas in which there is a risk of compliance violations such as taxes customs sanctions and export controls and qualitytechnical compliance responsibility for appropriate and effective compliance management lies with the respective functions which are supported in these tasks by Group Compliance. An effective culture of compliance is the basis for prevention. It begins with setting an appropriate tone from the top by the Executive Board and management and in addition to risk analysis includes in particular employee training compliance consulting and the internal publication of guidelines. In the course of risk analysis the business activities of Continental are examined for compliance risks within the scope of topdown as well as bottomup review processes. The risk of compliance violations arises primarily from organizational structures and workflows the given market situation activities in certain geographical regions inappropriate incentive systems conflicts of interest and criminal intent on the part of individual employees. Furthermore findings from investigations by the Group Internal Audit group function as well as discussions with management and employees at all hierarchical levels are taken into account. This risk analysis is not a oneoff procedure but is performed annually and continuously updated. Prevention is also fostered by consultation on specific matters with Group Compliance and by the internal publication of guidelines on topics such as anticorruption including giving and receiving gifts as well as donations and sponsoring antitrust and competition law antimoney laundering and data protection. In training events Group Compliance addresses topics directly related to everyday compliance issues and challenges. Continental introduced the Business Partner Code of Conduct to prevent compliance violations by suppliers service providers representatives or similar third parties. This must be recognized as a basic requirement for doing business with Continental. In the context of detection Continental has set up an Integrity Hotline to give employees and third parties outside the Continental Group the opportunity to report violations of legal regulations its fundamental values and ethical standards. Information on any kind of potential violations including accounting manipulation can be reported anonymously via this hotline. The hotline is available worldwide in many different languages. The companys investigating units rigorously pursue any and all substantiated leads. Detection also includes the support of regular and incidentrelated audits conducted by Group Internal Audit. Compliancerelated issues are regularly the subject of audits by Group Internal Audit. Responses are aimed at implementing measures as a consequence of identified compliance violations. Group Compliance is involved in decisionmaking on measures that may be required including thorough analysis to ensure that isolated incidents are not symptoms of failings in the system. In this way corresponding gaps can be closed preventively and the compliance management system as well as the internal control system can be systematically developed. When it comes to preventing violations in the area of technical compliance responsibility lies with the Group Quality Technical Compliance CBS and Environment group function supported by the central functions within the group sectors. The technical compliance policy as well as the technical compliance management system manual and other procedural standards set out how the compliance management system is designed and implemented. A network of supporting roles in the various functions within the group sectors business areas segments and sites is being devised and expanded on an ongoing basis in order to support the identification of risks and other technical compliance considerations. The third line of our internal control system is our Group Internal Audit group function. Group Internal Audit serves an independent and objective auditing and advisory function applying a systematic approach to help review assess and improve the adequacy and effectiveness of the organizations governance systems. Continentals Executive Board authorizes Group Internal Audit to conduct audits in all regions companies or functions of ContinentalAG and its affiliated fully consolidated subsidiaries worldwide. Group Internal Audit prepares an annual riskoriented audit plan that is submitted to Continentals Executive Board for review and approval. In addition to its planned general audits Group Internal Audit also conducts special investigations. These are based on tips and information about fraudulent acts received from internal or external sources such as the Integrity Hotline or the ombudsmans office. Group Internal Audit regularly reports its audit and investigation results to the Executive Board and the Audit Committee. Significant risks and potential improvements to internal controls are presented as part of the reporting to the aforementioned bodies. The implementation by management of the measures recommended in the course of audits is also monitored by Group Internal Audit and reported to the Executive Board and the Audit Committee. 

Score 0.412
 millions Automotive . . Tires . . ContiTech . . Contract Manufacturing . . OtherHoldingConsolidation . . EBIT . . Financial result . . Earnings before tax . . Income tax expense . . Net income . . Noncontrolling interests . . Net income attributable to the shareholders of the parent . . 

Score 0.412
. . . . . . EBIT . . . . . . Amortization of intangible assets from purchase price allocation PPA . . . . Changes in the scope of consolidation

Score 0.411
In fiscal Continental reported the performance indicator of allocated lowcarbon business beyond business with zerotailpipeemission vehicles. The highest share of this indicator was accounted for by the replacement business with highly efficient tires with low rolling resistance. In view of the ongoing uncertainty about how tires and various industrial businesses can be classified as lowcarbon business under the various regulations e.g. EU Taxonomy Continental decided to discontinue reporting on allocated lowcarbon business beyond business with zerotailpipeemission vehicles in fiscal and to develop a new reporting approach going forward. Results of the concept In fiscal the allocated business with zerotailpipeemission vehicles amounted to million PY million. The yearonyear growth is attributable in particular to the growing market success of electric mobility since Continentals products can now be found in many massproduced models. 

Score 0.41
December December millions Shortterm Longterm Shortterm Longterm Liabilities to related parties . . Liabilities for selling expenses . . Purchase prices payable on company acquisitions . . Miscellaneous financial liabilities . . . . Other financial liabilities . . . . 

Score 0.41
Order situation The order situation in our Automotive group sector continues to be characterized by a volatile market environment and the transformation of the automotive industry. In total orders amounting to around billion were acquired in fiscal PY billion. This figure includes expected sales over the entire duration of the delivery known as lifetime sales. These are based primarily on assumptions regarding production volumes of the respective vehicle or engine platforms the expected and agreed cost adjustments and the development of key raw material prices. The replacementtire business accounts for a large portion of the Tires group sectors sales which is why it is not possible to calculate a reliable figure for order volumes. The same applies to the ContiTech group sector which has business areas operating in various markets and industrial sectors each in turn with their own relevant factors. Consolidating the order figures from the various business areas of the ContiTech group sector would thus be meaningful only to a limited extent. Outlook for fiscal As mentioned on page of the report on expected developments we expect the global production of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles in to be roughly on a par with the previous year with a negative development expected in our core market of Europe. This outlook takes into account the current tense geopolitical situation and its expected impact on production volumes in . Higher costs for wages and salaries amounting to around . billion are expected to weigh heavily on our earnings position in fiscal with around half of these costs attributable to the Automotive group sector. Based on the above assumptions as well as on the exchange rates at the beginning of the fiscal year we expect the following key financial figures for fiscal 

Score 0.41
Cash Noncash millions Dec. Exchange rate changes Reclassi fications Changes in fair value Changes in the scope of consolidation Other Dec. Change in derivative instruments and interestbearing investments . . . . . . Change in shortterm indebtedness . . . . . . . . thereof redemption of bonds . thereof repayment of lease liabilities . Change in longterm indebtedness . . . . . . . . thereof issuance of bonds . 

Score 0.408
Specific Information on the Implementation of Disclosure Requirements in Accordance with the EU Taxonomy Regulation 

Score 0.408
In accordance with EU Regulation EC No. in conjunction with Section e of the German Commercial Code Handelsgesetzbuch HGB Continental AG has prepared its consolidated financial statements in compliance with IFRS as adopted by the Commission of the European Communities under the European Union endorsement procedure. Accordingly IFRS are only required to be applied following endorsement of the new standards by the EU Commission. The following endorsed standards interpretations issued in relation to published standards and amendments that were applicable to the consolidated financial statements of Continental AG became effective in and have been adopted accordingly The amendments to IAS Presentation of Financial Statements and IFRS Practice Statement Making Materiality Judgements Disclosure of Accounting Policies provide guidance and examples to clarify the application of materiality judgments to accounting policy disclosures. The amendments replace the requirement to disclose significant accounting policies with the requirement to disclose material accounting policies. Furthermore the amendments add guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality in the context of accounting policy disclosures. The amendments are required to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January . The amendments had no significant effect on the consolidated financial statements of Continental AG. The amendments to IAS Accounting Policies Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors Definition of Accounting Estimates replace the previous definition of a change in accounting estimate with a definition of accounting estimates to clarify the distinction between accounting policies and accounting estimates. Accounting estimates are monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments are required to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January . The amendments had no significant effect on the consolidated financial statements of Continental AG. The amendments to IAS Income TaxesDeferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction narrow the scope of the initial recognition exemption in IAS so that it no longer applies to transactions that on initial recognition give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. The amendments are required to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January . The amendments had no significant effect on the consolidated financial statements of Continental AG. The amendments to IAS Income Taxes International Tax Reform Pillar Two Model Rules introduce a temporary exception to the accounting for deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes. The amendments also require an entity to disclose that it has applied the temporary exception and to disclose separately its current tax expense income related to Pillar Two income taxes. In periods in which Pillar Two legislation is enacted or substantively enacted but not yet in effect an entity is required to disclose known or reasonably estimable qualitative and quantitative information that helps users of financial statements to assess the entitys exposure to Pillar Two income taxes arising from that legislation. To the extent information is not known or reasonably estimable an entity should instead disclose a statement to that effect and disclose information about the entitys progress in assessing its exposure. The temporary exception to the accounting for deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes as well as the obligation to disclose that the mandatory exception will be applied are required to be applied immediately after the publication of the amendment which was on May . The other new disclosure requirements of the amendment are required to be applied for annual periods beginning on or after January . The amendments had no significant effect on the consolidated financial statements of Continental AG. 

Score 0.407
. . Gross margin on sales

Score 0.407
. . . in of adjusted sales . . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. Excluding impairment on financial investments. Impairment also includes necessary reversals of impairment losses. Capital expenditure on property plant and equipment and software. Excluding trainees. Before changes in the scope of consolidation. Before amortization of intangible assets from purchase price allocation PPA changes in the scope of consolidation and special effects. 

Score 0.407
Globally interconnected value creation Research and development RD took place at locations in the reporting year predominantly in close proximity to our customers to ensure that Continental can respond flexibly to their various requirements and to regional market conditions. This applies particularly to projects of the Automotive and ContiTech group sectors. In the Tires group sector RD is largely centrally organized since product requirements for tires are much the same across the world. They are adapted according to the specific requirements of each market. Continental generally invests around of sales in RD each year. For more information see the Research and Development section. Continental processes a wide range of raw materials and semifinished products. The purchasing volume in the reporting year was .billion in total .billion of which was for production materials. Electronics and electromechanical components together make up around of the Continental Groups purchasing volume for production materials which are primarily used in the Automotive and Contract Manufacturing group sectors while mechanical components account for around . Natural rubber and oilbased chemicals as well as synthetic rubber and carbon black are key raw materials for the Tires and ContiTech group sectors. The total purchasing volume for these materials likewise amounts to around of the total volume for production materials. For more information see the Development of Raw Materials Markets section in the economic report. Production and sales in the Automotive and ContiTech group sectors are organized across regions. For the Tires group sector economies of scale play a key role when it comes to tire manufacturing. Low production costs coupled with large volumes and proximity to our customers or high rates of regional growth constitute key success factors. For this reason manufacturing takes place at major locations in the dominant automotive markets namely Europe the USA and China. Tires are sold worldwide via our dealer network with tire outlets and franchises as well as through tire trading in general. 

Score 0.406
When assets are sold closed down or scrapped the difference between the net proceeds and the net carrying amount of the assets is recognized as gain or loss in other income or expense respectively. Government grants Government grants are reported if there is reasonable assurance that the conditions in place in connection with the grants will be fulfilled and that the grants will be awarded. Monetary government grants and government subsidies that are directly attributable to depreciable fixed assets are deducted from the procurement and manufacturing costs of the assets in question. All other monetary grants and subsidies are recognized as income in line with planning and are presented alongside the corresponding expenses. Nonmonetary government grants are recognized at fair value. Investment property Land and buildings held for the purpose of generating rental income instead of production or administrative purposes are carried at depreciated cost. Depreciation is charged on a straightline basis over the useful lives which correspond to those for real estate in use by the company. Leases A contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. A lessee shall recognize a rightofuse asset and a corresponding lease liability which represents the lessees obligation to make lease payments. The lease liability is measured at the present value of the lease payments not yet made. It is recognized under indebtedness. Discounting is determined using the incremental borrowing rates as the interest rates underlying the leases often cannot be determined regularly. The rightofuseasset recognized by the lessee is measured at cost. This amount comprises the corresponding lease liability and prepaid lease payments taking into account any lease incentives received. It is recognized in property plant and equipment. Depreciation is charged on a straightline basis. The lease liability is subsequently measured according to the effective interest method. The resulting interest expense is recognized in the financial result. Continental utilizes the exemptions for shortterm leases and for leases in which the underlying asset is of low value. Continental leases property plant and equipment especially buildings. As lessor Continental classifies leases as operating leases or finance leases. For this classification Continental considers whether the lease transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset. If this is the case it is a finance lease otherwise it is an operating lease. If Continental acts as an intermediate lessor the interests arising from the head lease and sublease are accounted for separately. The sublease is measured based on the value of the rightofuse asset resulting from the head lease and not based on the underlying asset. If the head lease is a shortterm lease for which the Continental Group applies the exemption provision it classifies the sublease as an operating lease. The Continental Group applies IFRS Revenue from Contracts with Customers when allocating the consideration in the contract to each lease and nonlease component. Impairment The Continental Group immediately reviews intangible assets and property plant and equipment investment property and goodwill as soon as there is an indication of impairment triggering event. Impairment is assessed by comparing the carrying amount with the recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of the fair value less cost of disposal and the present value of the expected future cash flows from the continued use of the asset value in use. If the carrying amount is higher than the recoverable amount the difference is recognized as impairment. If the indications for the prior recognition of impairment no longer apply the impairment losses are reversed for intangible assets property plant and equipment and investment property. Capitalized goodwill is generally tested for impairment once a year as at November at the level of cashgenerating units CGUs. CGUs are units that come below the segments and are the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. This represents the level at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. The impairment test is performed by comparing the carrying amount of the CGU including its goodwill and the recoverable amount of this CGU. The recoverable amount in this case is the value in use calculated on the basis of discounted cash flows before interest and tax. Impairment is recognized to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount for a CGU. If the reasons for this cease to apply in the future impairment losses on goodwill are not reversed. 

Score 0.405
the corporate governance statement pursuant to Sections f and d HGB

Score 0.404
Statement of the Executive BoardIndependent Auditors ReportConsolidated Statement of IncomeConsolidated Statement of Comprehensive IncomeConsolidated Statement of Financial PositionConsolidated Statement of Cash FlowsConsolidated Statement of Changes in EquityNotes to the Consolidated Financial StatementsSegment ReportingGeneral Information and Accounting PrinciplesNew Accounting PronouncementsCompanies Consolidated and Information on Subsidiaries and InvestmentsAcquisition and Disposal of Companies and Business OperationsNotes to the Consolidated Statement of IncomeNotes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial PositionOther Disclosures

Score 0.404
The tax refund claims primarily resulted from VAT receivables from the purchase of production materials. The trade accounts receivable from the sale of customer tools related to costs that have not yet been invoiced.In particular prepaid expenses include license fees as well as rent and maintenance services paid for in advance. Among other things the Other item includes other advanced costs as well as assets from related parties. Impairment totaling . million PY . million was recognized for the probable default risk on other assets. 

Score 0.404
 . . . Adjusted operating result adjusted EBIT . . . . . . Changes in the scope of consolidation include additions and disposals as part of share and asset deals. Adjustments were made for additions in the reporting year and for disposals in the comparative period of the prior year. Excluding impairment on financial investments. Impairment also includes necessary reversals of impairment losses. It does not include impairment that arose in connection with a restructuring and impairment on financial investments and goodwill. Also includes restructuringrelated impairment losses totaling . million Tires . million ContiTech . million and a reversal of impairment losses of . million in the Tires segment. Mainly includes loss allowances on accounts receivable writedowns on inventories as well as debt waivers from the sale of all Russian operations in the Tires segment and some operations in the ContiTech segment in Russia. 

Score 0.403
Measured at fair value through other comprehensive income with reclassification FVOCIwR The financial asset which constitutes a debt instrument is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. Furthermore the contractual cash flows can be characterized as payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Changes in the carrying amount are recognized in other comprehensive income. Income or expenses from impairment interest income and foreigncurrency gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss. The cumulative gain or loss stated in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to the income statement when the financial asset is derecognized. Interest income is recognized in the financial result using the effective interest method. Foreigncurrency gains and losses are recognized in other income and expenses. 

Score 0.403
Information in Accordance with the EU Taxonomy Regulation 

Score 0.403
. Acquisition and Disposal of Companies and Business Operations 

Score 0.403
With a share of consolidated sales PY the automotive industry with the exception of the replacement business was Continentals most important customer group in fiscal . The Automotive group sector accounted for the lions share but the Tires and ContiTech group sectors also generated significant sales figures in this market segment. The secondbiggest market segment for Continental was the global replacementtire business for passenger cars and commercial vehicles with of total sales in fiscal PY . Because passenger cars and light commercial vehicles make up a considerably higher share of the replacementtire business their development is particularly important to our economic success. The thirdbiggest market segment for Continental was the global business with industrial customers and spare parts from the ContiTech group sector with around of total sales PY . Continentals biggest sales region in the reporting year was still Europe which accounted for of sales PY followed by North America at PY and AsiaPacific at PY . Development of new passengercar registrations In there was a significant rise in the number of newly registered cars in the major international automotive markets. The availability of many car models improved compared with the weak previous year. These positive developments more than offset the ongoing subdued demand resulting from geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainties and high consumer prices. According to preliminary data from the German Association of the Automotive Industry Verband der Automobilindustrie VDA . million new vehicles were registered in the European car market EU EFTA and the United Kingdom in more than in the previous year. Passenger car sales rose by in Japan and by in the USA. Brazil recorded an increase of . In China the worlds largest car market the VDA registered record sales in . The number of newly registered vehicles rose by to .million units outperforming the overall Chinese economy which lost momentum as a whole. In India sales of new vehicles rose by to .million units in . According to preliminary data from car manufacturer Renault newcar registrations in also increased significantly yearonyear. Development of production of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles The stabilization of supply chains which were significantly disrupted in the previous year due to the war in Ukraine and the pandemicrelated lockdowns in China was the main reason for the substantial increase in the production of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles weighing less than metric tons in . Greater semiconductor capacity also contributed to the rise in production. The strike in the US automotive industry which lasted several weeks had no significant impact on the development of global vehicle production. According to preliminary data Europe recorded a rise in the production of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles in the reporting year. North America and China increased their production by in . According to preliminary figures global production for rose by to .million units. 

Score 0.403
The Continental Groups business and earnings performance in the reporting year was hampered by geopolitical uncertainties persistent strains on the supply of semiconductors negative exchangerate effects and the impact of inflation and high costs for special freight. In the opinion of the Executive Board Continental achieved a solid result in this challenging macroeconomic environment. The Continental Groups consolidated sales amounted to .billion in PY .billion and the adjusted EBIT margin stood at . PY .. Adjusted free cash flow improved significantly to .billion PY .billion which was slightly above the targeted range. This was attributable to the operational improvement in earnings and lower inventories and receivables. In the Automotive group sector the significant rampup in automotive production coupled with the price adjustments introduced to compensate for cost inflation had a particularly positive impact on organic sales. The group sector also maintained its high order intake. EBIT also improved significantly in particular due to greater production and supply chain efficiency stemming from a more stable supply of materials and high cost discipline. In addition the prioryear figure was encumbered by impairment on goodwill and property plant and equipment. Automotive posted sales of . billion PY .billion and an adjusted EBIT margin of . PY. in . Before changes in the scope of consolidation and exchangerate effects the group sector increased its sales by .. Negative exchangerate effects and weak demand particularly in the truck tirereplacement business and to a lesser extent the passenger car tirereplacement business in Europe and North America curbed sales growth in the Tires group sector. Nevertheless Tires achieved an adjusted EBIT margin of . PY . driven by a high share of premium tires and a strong winter tire business in Europe. Sales were unchanged from the previous year at .billion PY .billion. The ContiTech group sector embarked on a strategic realignment in May with the aim of improving customer and market proximity enhancing efficiency and stepping up its focus on expanding its industrial business. As part of this realignment ContiTech strengthened its industrial business through acquisitions. ContiTech also increased sales in organic terms by .. This improvement was due to the positive development in the automotive originalequipment business which saw both increased volumes and favorable price adjustments to compensate for cost inflation. By contrast the industrial and automotive replacement businesses recorded a slight decline yearonyear. These lower volumes were largely offset by adjusting prices. ContiTech kept performance stable overall in achieving sales of .billion PY .billion. The adjusted EBIT margin improved to . PY .. Contributing factors were improved overall prices weaker inflation and mix effects in selected industrial sectors. Business in the Contract Manufacturing group sector continued to decline in accordance with the contractually agreed procedure between Continental and Vitesco Technologies. Its sales amounted to .billion PY .billion in and its adjusted EBIT margin was . PY .. 

Score 0.402
 and a comparison with other prices. It is reviewed on a regular basis. The goal of this mechanism is to support the group sectors in achieving their CO

Score 0.402
Information to Be Disclosed in Accordance with the EU Taxonomy Regulation 

Score 0.401
Continental AG Annual Report Further Information Responsibility Statement by the Companys Legal Representatives

Score 0.401
 . . . . . . . . . . Cost of sales

Score 0.4
. . Depreciation on research and development expenses . . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.313
 millions Share of earnings from equityaccounted investees . . Reversal of impairment losses from equityaccounted investees . Income from equityaccounted investees . . Other income from investments . . 