Scores_c_MANUFACTURINGScore 0.638
We allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents to category .. This classification is based in particular on the fact that from Continentals perspective the reference to activity . does not impose any restrictions on components in relation to the function or drive system of rail vehicles for which the components are manufactured provided that the components and systems are necessary for the operation and functioning of rail vehicles. Furthermore the activity designation does not entail any restrictions on components for example in relation to function or drive system. In contrast to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as Taxonomyeligible under category .. In Recital of Delegated Regulation amending Delegated Regulation the Commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy. Until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a Taxonomyeligible activity under category . Manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies. It is Continentals opinion that this clarification for the purposes of Taxonomy eligibility refers to the manufacture of tires of all kinds without any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies. Based on this clarification Continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds without any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category .. Alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by Continental particularly with regard to Recital . In addition various Continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as Taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year. In the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and the manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation. Continental still allocates these businesses to category . Manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make significant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants. For these classifications as well Continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier technologies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in Art. of the Taxonomy Regulation. The activities mentioned are not identified as Taxonomyeligible under Annex II to the Climate Delegated Act climate change adaptation. All other economic activities of the Continental Group that are not included in the aforementioned economic activities have been classified as Taxonomynoneligible for the reporting year. Accordingly Continental currently has not allocated any economic activities to the other environmental objectives under Annex I Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources Annex II Transition to a circular economy Annex III Pollution prevention and control or Annex IV Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. We base the classification on the information publicly available at the time the report was prepared. Taxonomyeligible turnover The information on turnover is prepared in accordance with section.. of Annex to the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations and in compliance with IFRS accounting regulations see tables at the end of this nonfinancial statement. The method of determination selected by Continental ensures that double counting is avoided. The described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as Taxonomyeligible under category . and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as Taxonomyeligible under category . resulted in a significant increase in Taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year. Added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in the manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as Taxonomyeligible under category .. In addition various Continental industrial businesses were reported as Taxonomyeligible under category . as they were in the previous year. A total sum of .billion was reported as Taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year PY .billion equivalent to . of total consolidated sales PY .. The breakdown of Taxonomyeligible turnover by category is shown in the table on page. Information on the Continental Groups total turnover the denominator of the key figure calculation can be found in the consolidated statement of income of this annual report under Sales. Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure have been recorded in accordance with the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations and taking into account the clarifications made by the European Commission in October. The figures for Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure under category a are allocations based on the proportion of Taxonomyeligible turnover. For reasons connected to the business model the equipment machinery and buildings of the Continental Group are thus used both for Taxonomyeligible activities and for other activities. This applies both to capital expenditure and operating expenditure for assets or processes associated with Taxonomyeligible activities category a. The allocation takes place at group sector level and not according to the individual locations in order to avoid double counting take into account internal business and consolidation effects and reflect the Continental Groups matrix structure. This allocation of turnover thus reflects the distribution of Continentals production. The Platform on Sustainable Finance also recommends such an approach to allocation in its report to the Commission dated October. This states for enabling activities that capital expenditure and operating expenditure should be reported on the basis of their proportion of turnover provided the activities are Taxonomyeligible and that they not do not include activities that are Taxonomynoneligible. 

Score 0.523
Compared with previous years the development of raw materials markets in the year under review was largely stable due to an overall improvement in availability. Global supply chains also returned to more normal levels. This was also reflected in less volatile price developments particularly for metals. Although a decline in price volatility was observed for products such as crude oil and butadiene prices still fluctuated significantly in some cases. Overall however they were roughly on a par with the level seen at the start of at the end of the reporting period. Carbon steel and stainless steel are input materials for many of the mechanical components such as diecast parts integrated by Continental into its products. Steel wire is used in particular in tire production as steel cord but also in conveyor belts and timing belts to increase tensile strength. Aluminum is used in particular for diecast parts and stamped and bent components while copper is used in particular in electric motors mechatronic components and printed circuit boards. Prices for carbon steel in euros which had fallen Changes to vehicle production the tirereplacement business and industrial production in compared with 

Score 0.512
Description of sales revenue in industrial and replacement business The type of performance obligations to customers in industrial and replacement business relates to the replacementtire and retail business of the Tires segment the industrial and retail business of the ContiTech segment and the replacementparts and retail business of the Automotive and Contract Manufacturing segments please refer to the information provided on the group sectors in the Structure of the Continental Group section of the consolidated management report. Invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms for most of the sales average days and differ mostly depending on the region andor product group. Payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases with the exception of business with end customers and consumers who often pay in cash or by card. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price as variable price components in line with expectations. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. Revenue is recognized at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer taking into account the agreed incoterms. There are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component. Description of revenue in other business activities Revenue in other business activities is included in the sales of the automotive originalequipment business in the sales of the industrial and replacement business and in other revenues. On the one hand services are provided and on the other project business is conducted in which developments for customers are made goods produced or services provided over a mediumterm or longer period. For this revenue there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component. The largest component of this revenue relates to revenue from research and development which is recognized at a point in time either when the entire development is completed or when identifiable milestones within a development are reached. Invoices are generally prepared after completion of a milestone or an entire development and acceptance by the customer. Payments are made by bank transfer in most cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. In addition services that are performed alongside the main business also lead to revenue recognition over time though in smaller amounts. Both input and outputbased measurement methods are used and sales are measured either based on the hours or days worked or the costs incurred input or based on the services rendered output. Invoices are generally prepared at least once a month and payments are made by bank transfer in most cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. In addition project business is conducted in which generally customerspecific goods or services are produced or provided for customers over a mediumterm or longer period. Revenue from this is likewise recognized over time and sales are mostly measured using inputbased measurement methods taking account of the costs incurred. Invoices are generally issued as contractually agreed. Advance payments averaging are usually made by the customers before the start of a project. Payments are made by bank transfer in most cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted. Contract assets and contract liabilities Contract assets primarily arise in the project business from customerspecific goods or services for customers but are only of minor significance in the Continental Group. Contract assets must be recognized because the goods or services are provided over a mediumterm or longer period in which goods or services have already been provided by Continental but there is not yet an unconditional right against the customer i.e. a receivable. The right or part of the right to consideration from the customer is often only unconditional once the provision of the services has been completed and can then be recognized as a receivable and invoiced in full. The associated payments are generally made on the basis of actual invoicing. The recognition of receivables and the receipt of payments reduce the associated contract assets. Contract liabilities include mainly advance payments by customers for deliveries of goods and for services to be performed. In the case of these advance payments by customers for deliveries of goods and for services to be performed the customer has already paid the consideration or part of the consideration but Continental has generally not yet satisfied its performance obligation or has done so only to a limited extent. The provision of the corresponding services to the customers by Continental reduces the level of the associated contract liabilities. Research and development expenses Research and development expenses comprise expenditure on research and development and expenses for customerspecific applications prototypes and testing. Where refunds from customers for research and development expenses are agreed these costs are recognized in inventories until control is transferred. Once control is transferred the refund amounts are stated under other income. In addition the expenses are reduced by the amount relating to the application of research results from the development of new or substantially improved products if the related activity fulfills the recognition criteria for internally generated intangible assets set out in IAS Intangible Assets. This portion of the expenses is capitalized as an asset and amortized over a period of three to seven years from the date that the developed products become marketable. However expenses for customerspecific applications preproduction prototypes or tests for products already being marketed do not qualify as development expenditure which may be recognized as an intangible asset. Furthermore expenses incurred directly in connection with the launch of new production operations and plants are recognized directly in profit or loss. 

Score 0.51
Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems Publication of the Environmental Delegated Act under EU Taxonomy Regulation was accompanied by the introduction of amendments to the Climate Delegated Act comprising changes to the existing activities for the two climate objectives as well the inclusion of new economic activities for the two climate objectives. This affects among others the two economic activities of category . Manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category . Manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents. Furthermore the EU Commission made it explicit in Recital of Delegated Regulation amending Delegated Regulation that the activity of tire manufacturing because of its potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector is a Taxonomyeligible activity that is currently to be allocated to category . Manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies. While the amendments to the Climate Delegated Act do clear up some existing ambiguities in terms of how the regulation is to be interpreted when it comes to the Taxonomy eligibility of Continentals economic activities reporting pursuant to the EU Taxonomy Regulation remains fraught with uncertainty for Continental. This is mainly because unclear wording continues to be used in the regulations and notes on determining Taxonomy eligibility and in particular Taxonomy alignment as well as the calculations for key performance indicators for turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure as they pertain to the economic activities relevant for Continental. As a result these regulations and notes are still open to interpretation. From Continentals perspective there is also uncertainty about the interaction between the various regulations delegated acts and official answers to frequently asked questions. Furthermore the short implementation period granted by the delegated act published in means that many questions of interpretation related to implementation have not yet been conclusively clarified. In interpreting the regulation we also take into consideration the assessments of industry associations in the supplier and automotive industries the reporting practices of European suppliers for and unofficial assessments by various experts. 

Score 0.492
As part of our sustainability ambition we strive for carbon neutrality and emissionfree mobility and industry by at the latest see also the sections on carbon neutrality and on emissionfree mobility and industry in this combined nonfinancial statement and thus for the expansion of clean and carbonneutral mobility. With this in mind we have introduced performance indicators at a corporate level as part of our sustainability scorecard with the aim of monitoring our progress. In the previous year we used this scorecard to classify the allocated business with emissionfree mobility and industry as the indicator that comprises all economic activities to be disclosed for Continental as Taxonomyeligible with respect to the environmental target of climate change mitigation in accordance with the EU Taxonomy Regulation. It consisted of allocated business with zerotailpipeemission vehicles and allocated lowcarbon business beyond business with zerotailpipeemission vehicles. This business was therefore classified under category . Manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies of the Delegated Regulation for Climate Change Mitigation EU Annex I in the previous year since at the time no general regulations or specific upstream economic activities were provided for. The introduction of category . Manufacture of automotive and mobility components and category . Manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents coupled with the updated approach to the activity of tire manufacturing resulted in the reclassification of various Continental economic activities reported as Taxonomyeligible in the reporting year compared with as well as a significant increase in sales capital expenditure and operating expenditure. In the reporting year we allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles with the exception of tires but also extending beyond components for zerotailpipeemission vehicles to category .. Continental is of the opinion that the manufacture of all components irrespective of the drive system is Taxonomyeligible for all vehicles belonging to the vehicle classes listed in the category. This classification is based on the fact that from Continentals perspective the activity designation does not entail any restrictions in terms of components for example in relation to function or drive system and the corresponding components parts and systems are intended for use in road vehicles. The unclearly defined qualification characteristic criterion of activity . essential contribution to environmental performance is in Continentals view part of the assessment of Taxonomy alignment and not Taxonomy eligibility. Alternative interpretations were examined but they were found to be unsuitable by Continental. 

Score 0.479
As in the previous year Continental did not report any economic activities as being Taxonomyaligned. For all economic activities that are reported under category . specific comparative lifecycle assessments are required in order to also report these as being Taxonomyaligned. These must demonstrate substantial savings to lifecycle emissions compared with the highestperforming alternative technology or solution available on the market or the highestperforming alternative product available on the market. External verification of the lifecycle assessments must also take place in accordance with predefined standards. A simplified lifecycle consideration as called for by the Taxonomy Regulation itself is no longer sufficient in accordance with the Delegated Regulation for Climate Change Mitigation for category .. Continental did not have the corresponding lifecycle assessments at its disposal in the reporting year meaning it is currently not possible to allocate Taxonomyaligned economic activities. For this reason the Do No Significant Harm DNSH criteria and the minimum protection requirements along the value chain were not assessed according to specific economic activities. It was not yet mandatory in the reporting year to report Taxonomyaligned economic activities if the economic activities are reported according to the categories . and . which have been newly integrated into the Climate Delegated Act. Since Continental does not currently report any activities as Taxonomyaligned no Taxonomyaligned capital expenditure or operating expenditure according to categories a and b has been reported. Since no Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure or operating expenditure under category c was identified no Taxonomyaligned capital expenditure or operating expenditure under category c has been reported. 

Score 0.477
In the Automotive segment investments were made at locations in Germany as well as in China Mexico Romania Serbia the USA Czechia Lithuania and Hungary. In particular production capacity was increased in the Safety and Motion User Experience Architecture and Networking and Autonomous Mobility business areas. There were major additions related to the construction of new manufacturing plants for electronic brake systems and innovative display and operating solutions as well as vehicle electronics such as highperformance computers and radar and camera solutions. Investments were made to construct new production sites in Kaunas Lithuania and Novi Sad Serbia. In the Tires segment investments were made to optimize and expand production capacity at existing plants in European bestcost locations and in the USA China Germany Brazil Thailand and Mexico. There were major additions related to the expansion of the production site in Hefei China. Quality assurance and costcutting measures were implemented as well. In the ContiTech segment production capacity was expanded in Germany China the USA Mexico Brazil Hungary and Romania. There were major additions related to the expansion of production capacity in selected growth markets for the Surface Solutions Mobile Fluid Systems Conveying Solutions and Power Transmission Group business areas. In addition investments were made in all business areas to optimize existing production processes. In the Contract Manufacturing segment the capital expenditure was primarily attributable to production equipment for the manufacture of specific products and the implementation of new technologies. The addition to property plant and equipment from changes in the scope of consolidation totaling . million resulted mainly from the acquisition of Printing Solutions Sweden Holding AB Telleborg Sweden. Please see Note . In the previous year the addition to property plant and equipment totaling . million resulted mainly from the acquisition of WCCO Belting LLC Wilmington Delaware USA. Impairment on property plant and equipment resulted in expenses totaling . million of which . million was attributable to cost of sales and . million to administrative expenses. The impairment mainly related to an administration building in the amount of . million and a plant closure in the amount of . million. Impairments were also incurred due to the scrapping of machinery. In addition reversals of impairment losses on property plant and equipment resulted in income of . million within the scope of cost of sales. Government investment grants of . million PY . million were deducted directly from cost. As in the previous year no borrowing costs were capitalized when applying IAS Borrowing Costs. Please see Note for information on reclassifications during the period to assets held for sale. There are restrictions on title and property plant and equipment pledged as security for liabilities in the amount of . million PY . million. Please see Note for information on the rightofuse assets that are recognized under property plant and equipment in accordance with IFRS Leases. 

Score 0.476
Our ambition As set out in our sustainability ambition we are recognized by our customers and society as being a benchmark in quality by ensuring safe and sustainable products. Concept The decisive factor in becoming a benchmark in quality is a qualityoriented company culture. Our quality policy sets out guidelines for product and process quality at Continental. Product recalls product liability claims and proceedings as a result of quality defects represent a business risk that we want to avoid due to the resulting losses of sales costs and loss of customer and market acceptance. For more information see the report on risks and opportunities in this annual report. Local management systems drive forward the implementation of these guidelines. The concrete organizational and technical requirements can be found in the relevant quality management manuals for the group sectors. The extent of the certifications is assessed on an annual basis as to how many employees they cover with respect to quality management systems. The number of new field quality events is used as an effectiveness indicator for our quality management. A field quality event is a riskminimizing measure for a product manufactured andor sold by Continental on the basis of a safetyrelated defect andor noncompliance with regulations that was initiated by Continental a customer andor an authority. The Group Quality Technical Compliance Continental Business System CBS and Environment group function as well as the quality functions at various levels in the Continental Group which work together in a global network are responsible for the strategic corporatewide quality management process. Results of the concept As at December certified quality management systems covered of our employees throughout the Continental Group PY . The improved certification rate was achieved thanks to optimized internal processes. Twentynine new field quality events were identified in fiscal PY . 

Score 0.474
Adjusted EBIT Adjusted EBIT for the Contract Manufacturing group sector increased by .million or . yearonyear in to .million PY .million corresponding to a margin of . PY . of adjusted sales. EBIT The Contract Manufacturing group sector reported a yearonyear decrease in EBIT of .million or . to .million in PY .million. The return on sales fell to . PY .. For the Contract Manufacturing group sector total consolidated expense from special effects in amounted to .million PY income of .million. For further details please see our comments on pages and regarding the special effects in and . The ROCE was . PY .. ProcurementProcurement in the Contract Manufacturing group sector was characterized by a stabilized supply chain notwithstanding some isolated shortages. Production capacities at suppliers were adjusted to annual requirements and prices followed the general market trend. Due to the contractual arrangements with Vitesco Technologies all price changes in the purchasing volume are passed on to Vitesco Technologies on a quarterly basis and therefore have no influence on the operating result of the Contract Manufacturing group sector. Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization fell by .million compared with fiscal to .million PY .million and amounted to . PY . of sales. It included impairment totaling .million in PY .million. Operating assets Operating assets in the Contract Manufacturing group sector decreased by .million yearonyear to .million PY .million as at December . Working capital was down .million at .million PY .million. Inventories decreased by .million to .million PY .million. Operating receivables fell by .million to .million PY .million as at the reporting date. Operating liabilities were down .million at .million PY .million. Noncurrent operating assets were down .million yearonyear at .million PY .million. At .million property plant and equipment were .million below the previous years level of .million. Other intangible assets fell by . million to .million PY .million. Exchangerate effects increased the total operating assets of the Contract Manufacturing group sector by .million in the reporting year PY decrease of .million. Average operating assets in the Contract Manufacturing group sector fell by .million compared with fiscal to . million PY .million. Capital expenditure additions Additions in the Contract Manufacturing business area decreased by .million yearonyear to .million PY .million. The capital expenditure ratio was . PY .. The capital expenditure was primarily attributable to production equipment for the manufacture of specific products and the implementation of new technologies. Employees The number of employees in the Contract Manufacturing group sector fell by compared with the previous year totaling as at December PY . 

Score 0.46
Contract Manufacturing 

Score 0.454
The ContiTech group sector has launched skai rPET PureLux a plaincolored furniture film made from recycled PET polymer which conserves natural resources. For more information see the respective press release on our website under Press. With regard to operational waste management as a further key component of the circular economy we have set ourselves the corporate target of increasing the waste for recovery quota to by . Waste for recovery includes material recycling thermal recovery or any other form of recycling or reuse. This objective gives priority to recycling over disposal. The implementation of the corporate target is managed by Group Environmental and Climate Protection as part of operational environmental management. For more information on the organization of operational environmental management see the section on green and safe factories in this combined nonfinancial statement. The waste for recovery quota has also been part of the LTI plans for the members of the Executive Board and global managers since fiscal . For more information see the remuneration report on our website under CompanyCorporate GovernanceExecutive Board. 

Score 0.454
New developments for the originalequipment business are not marketable until Continental AG has been nominated as the supplier for the particular vehicle platform or model and furthermore has successfully fulfilled preproduction release stages. Moreover these release stages serve as the prerequisite to demonstrate the technical feasibility of the product especially given the high demands imposed on safety and comfort technology. Accordingly development costs are recognized as an asset only as at the date of nomination as supplier and upon fulfillment of a specific pre production release stage. The development is considered to be completed once the final approval for the unlimited production is granted. Only very few development projects fulfill the recognition criteria. Although suppliers are nominated by original equipment manufacturers with the general obligation to supply products over the entire life of the particular model or platform these supply agreements constitute neither longterm contracts nor firm commitments in particular because the original equipment manufacturers make no commitments in regard to purchase quantities. For this reason all preproduction expenses with the exception of the capitalized development costs as previously described are recognized immediately in profit or loss. Productrelated expenses Costs for advertising sales promotion and other salesrelated items are expensed as incurred. Provisions are recognized for possible warranty claims on sold products on the basis of past experience as well as legal and contractual terms. Additional provisions are recognized for specific known cases. Financial result and investment income Interest income and expenses are recognized for the period to which they relate. Dividends are recognized in profit or loss if legal entitlement to payment of the dividend is established the economic benefit associated with the dividend is likely to be received and the dividend amount can be measured reliably. Earnings per share Basic earnings per share are calculated on the basis of the weighted average number of shares issued. Treasury stock is deducted for the period it is held. Diluted earnings per share also include shares from the potential exercise of option or conversion rights. The corresponding expenses that would no longer be incurred after the conversion or exchange are eliminated. Statement of financial position classification Assets and liabilities are reported as noncurrent assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position if they have a remaining term of over one year and conversely as current assets and liabilities if the remaining term is shorter. Liabilities are treated as current if there is no unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least months after the end of the reporting period. Pension provisions provisions for other postemployment benefits and other employee benefits as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities are accounted for as noncurrent. If assets and liabilities have both current and noncurrent portions the amounts are classified separately and shown as current and noncurrent assets or liabilities. Goodwill Goodwill corresponds to the difference between the acquisition cost and the fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities of the business combination. Goodwill is not subject to amortization it is tested for impairment at least annually and if necessary impaired. The details of the annual impairment test are described under Impairment in this note. Once an impairment loss has been recognized on goodwill it is not reversed in subsequent periods. Intangible assets Purchased intangible assets are carried at acquisition costs and internally generated intangible assets at their production costs provided that the conditions for recognition of an internally generated intangible asset are met in accordance with IAS Intangible Assets. If intangible assets have finite useful lives they are amortized on a straightline basis over a useful life of three to eight years in general. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested at least annually for impairment and if necessary impaired. The details of the annual impairment test are described under Impairment in this note. Property plant and equipment Property plant and equipment is measured at cost less straightline depreciation. If necessary additional impairment is recognized on the affected items. Production cost consists of the direct costs and attributable material and manufacturing overheads including depreciation. Under certain conditions portions of the borrowing costs are capitalized as part of the acquisition cost. This also applies to finance leases and investment property. As soon as an asset is available for its intended use subsequent cost is capitalized only to the extent the related modification changes the function of the asset or increases its economic value and the cost can be clearly identified. All other subsequent expenditure is recognized as current maintenance expense. Property plant and equipment is broken down into the lowest level of the components that have significantly different useful lives and to the extent integrated in other assets when they are likely to be replaced or overhauled during the overall life of the related main asset. Maintenance and repair costs are recognized in profit or loss as incurred. The Continental Group has no property plant or equipment that by the nature of its operation and deployment can be repaired and serviced only in intervals over several years. The useful lives are up to years for buildings and land improvements up to years for technical equipment and machinery and up to years for operating and office equipment. 

Score 0.452
Green and Safe Factories 

Score 0.452
Surface Solutions The Advanced Dynamics Solutions Conveying Solutions Industrial Fluid Solutions Mobile Fluid Systems and Power Transmission Group business areas as they existed in this setup until December have been reassigned to the three regional Industrial Solutions business areas and the Original Equipment Solutions business area. The contract manufacturing of products by Continental companies for Vitesco Technologies is consolidated in the Contract Manufacturing group sector. This contract manufacturing is not intended to be a permanent situation rather the operational separation of production will continue to be promoted and the volume of contract manufacturing reduced. Contract Manufacturing includes one business area 

Score 0.448
For more information on green and safe factories see the integrated sustainability report on our website at www.continentalsustainability.com. 

Score 0.448
Our ambition As set out in our sustainability ambition we strive for closed resource and product cycles by at the latest together with our partners along the value chain. Of central importance for our ambition are the requirements and speed of transformation of our customers industries and markets as well as the resulting transformation opportunities and risks. Concept The switch to a circular economy is a profound and complex transformation process for Continental which at the same time is highly relevant for the achievement of other topic areas of the companys sustainability ambition. The group sectors are responsible for implementing circularity in particular with respect to product design business models material use and material procurement. They have each started to design andor implement specific initiatives and projects that are aimed at improving the use of productrelated technological and biological cycles. In addition work is continuously being done on the durability recyclability and adaptability of products. To cite some examples 

Score 0.442
For the following overviews of Taxonomy information it should be noted that these were prepared in accordance with the guidelines for the templates in Annex to the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations . Given the uncertainties and interpretations of the Taxonomy Regulation this restriction is relevant since it means for example that the designations as environmentally sustainable or nonenvironmentally sustainable activities only relate to the assessment as per the EU Taxonomy Regulation and not more generally. Continental has no economic activities according to the complementary Delegated Regulation for Gas and Nuclear Activities and therefore does not provide the specific templates. 

Score 0.44
Continental sustainability ambition topic areasMaterial reporting topic areas for the nonfinancial statement in accordance with Sections b and c HGB in conjunction with Sections b to e HGBAllocation of material reporting topic areas to nonfinancial aspects in accordance with Sectionc HGBFour focus areas

Score 0.438
The expanded interpretation of economic activities classified as Taxonomyeligible in the reporting year likewise led to a significant increase in Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure. A total sum of .million was reported as Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure in the reporting year PY .million equivalent to . of total capital expenditure PY .. The breakdown of Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure by category is shown in the table on page. The information on capital expenditure is prepared in accordance with section.. of Annex to the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations in compliance with IFRS accounting regulations. Information on the Continental Groups total capital expenditure can be found in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in the segment reporting Note of this annual report. The information refers to capital expenditure in the intangible assets Note property plant and equipment Note leases Note and investment property Note presented in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Operating expenditure is defined in accordance with section.. of Annex to the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations and has been calculated on an imputed basis as described above. For the denominator of the key figure calculation for operating expenditure Continental takes into account direct noncapitalized costs incurred in the reporting year as a result of research and development net building renovation measures shortterm leasing and maintenance and repairs. The expanded interpretation of economic activities classified as Taxonomyeligible in the reporting year likewise led to a significant increase in Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure. A total sum of .million was reported as Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure in the reporting year PY .million equivalent to . of total operating expenditure PY .. The breakdown of Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure by category is shown in the table on page. When determining the Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure for reasons of materiality the decision was made to forgo separate reporting of investments in individual measures and the acquisition of products from Taxonomyeligible economic activities under category c as well as reporting of the resulting operating expenditure in the reporting year. Continental notes that from its perspective various interpretations with respect to the requirements concerning capital expenditure and operating expenditure particularly for category c and for operating expenditure more generally continue to result in uncertainty when determining Taxonomyrelated information. 

Score 0.438
Globally interconnected value creation Research and development RD took place at locations in the reporting year predominantly in close proximity to our customers to ensure that Continental can respond flexibly to their various requirements and to regional market conditions. This applies particularly to projects of the Automotive and ContiTech group sectors. In the Tires group sector RD is largely centrally organized since product requirements for tires are much the same across the world. They are adapted according to the specific requirements of each market. Continental generally invests around of sales in RD each year. For more information see the Research and Development section. Continental processes a wide range of raw materials and semifinished products. The purchasing volume in the reporting year was .billion in total .billion of which was for production materials. Electronics and electromechanical components together make up around of the Continental Groups purchasing volume for production materials which are primarily used in the Automotive and Contract Manufacturing group sectors while mechanical components account for around . Natural rubber and oilbased chemicals as well as synthetic rubber and carbon black are key raw materials for the Tires and ContiTech group sectors. The total purchasing volume for these materials likewise amounts to around of the total volume for production materials. For more information see the Development of Raw Materials Markets section in the economic report. Production and sales in the Automotive and ContiTech group sectors are organized across regions. For the Tires group sector economies of scale play a key role when it comes to tire manufacturing. Low production costs coupled with large volumes and proximity to our customers or high rates of regional growth constitute key success factors. For this reason manufacturing takes place at major locations in the dominant automotive markets namely Europe the USA and China. Tires are sold worldwide via our dealer network with tire outlets and franchises as well as through tire trading in general. 

Score 0.433
Research and development Research and development expenses net increased by . million or . yearonyear to .million PY .million corresponding to . of sales PY .. In the Automotive group sector costs in connection with initial product development projects in the originalequipment business are capitalized. Costs are capitalized as at the time at which we are named as a supplier and have successfully achieved a specific prerelease stage. Capitalization ends with the approval for unlimited volume production. The costs of customerspecific applications preproduction prototypes and testing for products already being sold do not qualify as development expenditure that may be recognized as an intangible asset. Capitalized development expenses are amortized on a straightline basis over a useful life of three to seven years and recognized in the cost of sales. In the opinion of the Continental Group the assumed useful life reflects the period for which an economic benefit is likely to be derived from the corresponding development projects. Of the development costs incurred in including development expenses for internally developed software .million PY .million in the Automotive group sector qualified for recognition as an asset. As in the previous year the requirements for the capitalization of development activities were not met in the Tires ContiTech or Contract Manufacturing group sectors. This results in a capitalization ratio of . PY . for the Continental Group. Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization decreased by .million to .million PY .million equivalent to . of sales PY .. It included impairment totaling .million in PY .million. Financial result The negative financial result increased by .million yearonyear to .million in PY .million. This increase was primarily attributable to the global interest rate trend on the capital markets. Interest income rose by .million yearonyear to .million in PY .million. Interest income in connection with income tax payables accounted for .million of the total PY . million. For details about the higher prioryear value please refer to the comments in the annual report. 

Score 0.432
Since January companies in the real economy have had to provide information on Taxonomy eligibility and Taxonomy alignment with regard to the two climate objectives of the Climate Delegated Act under EU Taxonomy Regulation . In June the Environmental Delegated Act under EU Taxonomy Regulation was published containing the activities and technical assessment criteria for the four remaining environmental objectives. The six environmental objectives of the EU Taxonomy are 

Score 0.431
. Property Plant and Equipment 

Score 0.43
We present further performance indicators for the implementation of a responsible value chain with regard to our own locations in the sections on good working conditions as well as green and safe factories in this combined nonfinancial statement. For more information on the responsible value chain see the integrated sustainability report on our website at www.continentalsustainability.com. 

Score 0.429
Development of Raw Materials Markets 

Score 0.428
In accordance with the provisions of IFRS Operating Segments Continental AGs segment reporting is based on the management approach with regard to segment identification under which information regularly provided to the chief operating decisionmaker for decisionmaking purposes is considered decisive. The activities of the Continental Group are divided into the following segments Automotive offers technologies for safety brake chassis motion and motioncontrol systems. Its portfolio also includes innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving display and operating technologies audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior as well as intelligent information and communication technology associated with the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to vehicle connectivity architecture and electronics as well as highperformance computers and software solutions round off the range of products and services. With its premium portfolio in the car truck bus twowheel and specialty tire segment Tires stands for innovative solutions in tire technology. Intelligent products and services related to tires and the promotion of sustainability complete the portfolio. For specialist dealers and fleet management Tires offers digital tire monitoring and tire management systems in addition to other services with the aim of keeping fleets mobile and increasing their efficiency. With its tires Continental contributes to safe efficient and environmentally friendly mobility. ContiTech focuses on development and materials expertise in products and systems made from rubber plastic metal and textiles which can also be equipped with electronic components to optimize their functionality for custom service applications. ContiTechs industrial growth areas are primarily in energy agriculture and construction as well as interior design. ContiTech also serves the automotive and transportation industries along with the railway engineering sector. The contract manufacturing of products by Continental companies for Vitesco Technologies is consolidated in Contract Manufacturing. This contract manufacturing is not intended to be a permanent situation rather the operational separation of production will continue to be promoted and the volume of contract manufacturing reduced. These segments correspond to the group sectors as defined in the Structure of the Continental Group section of the consolidated management report. Otherholdingconsolidation This comprises centrally managed subsidiaries and affiliates such as holding financing and insurance companies as well as the holding function of Continental AG and certain effects of consolidation. It also contains the effects on earnings of uncertain risks particularly those in connection with contractual and similar claims or obligations representing among other things risks from investments that cannot currently be assigned to the individual operating units. Internal control and reporting within the Continental Group are based on International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS as described in Note . The Continental Group measures the performance of its segments on the basis of their adjusted operating result adjusted EBIT. Their performance is expressed as the return on sales adjusted EBIT divided by adjusted sales and as the return on capital employed ROCE which represents EBIT as a percentage of average operating assets. Intersegment sales and other proceeds are determined at arms length prices. For administrative services performed by centrally operated companies or by the Continental Groups management costs are calculated on an arms length basis in line with utilization. Where direct allocation is not possible costs are assigned according to the services performed. The segment assets comprise the operating assets of the assets side of the statement of financial position as at the end of the reporting period. The segment liabilities show the operating asset parts on the liabilities side of the statement of financial position. Capital expenditure relates to additions to property plant and equipment and software as well as additions to capitalized rightofuse assets in line with IFRS Leases and additions to capitalized borrowing costs in line with IAS Borrowing Costs. Depreciation and amortization include the scheduled diminution of and the impairment on intangible assets property plant and equipment capitalized rightofuse assets and investment properties as well as the impairment on goodwill. This figure does not include impairment on financial investments. Noncash expensesincome mainly include additions to and reversals of pension and warranty provisions as well as provisions for litigation and environmental risks. In the segment information broken down by country and region sales are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective customers in contrast capital expenditure and segment assets are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective companies. Viewed across all segments Continental recorded sales totaling . million PY . million with a group of companies under common control in the year under review. In the Continental Group generated of its sales in the USA PY in Germany PY and in China PY . Other than these countries there were no countries in which more than of sales were achieved as was also the case in the previous year. 

Score 0.427
. . Losses on the disposal of property plant and equipment and from scrapping . . Impairment on goodwill . Other

Score 0.426
The additions to restructuring provisions resulted mainly from a program to simplify administrative structures processes and hierarchical levels in the Automotive segment. The program is to be implemented gradually by the end of . Further significant additions to restructuring provisions resulted from the planned closure of a German location in the Automotive segment which will be implemented gradually by the end of . Contrary to the original estimates of the effects from restructuring plans agreements were reached over the course of the restructuring measures that resulted in reversals in all segments. The utilization of restructuring provisions mainly related to the implementation of restructuring measures adopted in previous years. The additions to and reversals of provisions for litigation and environmental risks related in particular to product liability risks in the Tires segment in the USA and risks in connection with disputes over industrial property rights. Please see Note . The utilizations relate mainly to the aforementioned product liability risks in the Tires segment and risks in connection with disputes over industrial property rights. The changes in provisions for warranties include utilizations of . million PY . million and reversals of . million PY . million which are offset by additions of . million PY . million. The changes result mainly from specific individual cases within the Automotive and ContiTech segments. The other provisions also include provisions for risks from operations such as those in connection with compensation from customer and supplier claims that are not warranties. They also include provisions for dismantling and tirerecycling obligations and provisions for possible interest payments and penalties on income tax liabilities. In the other provisions contingencies amounting to a high eightfigure sum have been set aside to cover fines imposed based on the proceedings conducted by the public prosecutors office in Hanover in connection with illegal defeat devices in diesel engines. Please see Note . 

Score 0.425
Information about the scope of warranty and product liability claims in fiscal can be also found starting on page of the other disclosures in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. For more information on benchmark in quality see the integrated sustainability report on our website at www.continentalsustainability.com. 

Score 0.422
. . . . Contract Manufacturing

Score 0.422
Contract Manufacturing in millions in Sales . . . EBITDA . . . in of sales . . EBIT . . . in of sales . . Research and development expenses net

Score 0.421
Green and safe factories performance indicators Environmental management system certification ISO 

Score 0.417
The industrial business showed signs of developing by to in the eurozone in the USA we anticipated a figure of between and for the year as a whole and in China we expected a recovery in demand of to . With respect to the key financial figures we made the following changes 

Score 0.417
Our ambition As set out in our sustainability ambition we strive for responsible sourcing and business partnerships by at the latest together with our partners along the value chain. Our understanding of a responsible value chain thus refers to our supply chain and customer relationships and to our own locations. Of central importance for our ambition are the requirements and speed of transformation of our customers industries and markets as well as the resulting transformation opportunities and risks. ConceptContinental operates in complex global value chains that are exposed to a variety of risks associated with the violation of protected rights. Risks within this context are always related to the potential negative impact on people and the environment. Continental has therefore established a comprehensive management system for ensuring its due diligence obligations in order to identify risks in connection with defined protected rights within its supply chain and in its own business units. For this purpose responsibilities rules and processes have been clearly defined for this purpose including riskmitigation measures and control mechanisms. The responsible value chain due diligence system RVCDDS focuses on the protected rights defined by us and will be developed further in line with the development of dynamic economic social and environmental requirements. The RVCDDS applies to ContinentalAG and to all subsidiaries in which the Continental Group exercises a controlling influence. The Executive Board of ContinentalAG is updated on the current status by the Continental Groups human rights officer at least once a year and decides on the systems effectiveness appropriateness and potential for improvement. It then proposes any suitable improvements to the RVCDDS where necessary either to the system as a whole or to selected elements. The RVCDDS is additionally integrated into Continentals overarching internal control system risk management system and compliance management system. As a key prevention measure at corporate level Continental has adopted responsible value chain commitments RVC commitments that are accessible online at www.continentalsustainability.com. These commitments address the defined risk categories and formulate what is expected of the companys own business units and employees as well as of its direct suppliers. The RVC commitments surpass the minimum legal requirements especially when it comes to working conditions. On top of this Continental has anchored further prevention measures in its own business units and with respect to direct suppliers. Within the RVCDDS our Code of Conduct defines the fundamental requirements for our employees while the Business Partner Code of Conduct defines the fundamental requirements among others for our suppliers as well as their suppliers with regard to human rights working conditions environmental protection conflict minerals and anticorruption. The Business Partner Code of Conduct is updated regularly most recently in fiscal to reflect changes or adjustments to relevant legislation. For suppliers of natural rubber our sourcing policy for sustainable natural rubber additionally applies. The existing corporatewide whistleblower system within ContinentalAG the Continental Integrity Hotline was expanded as part of the legal requirements under the German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtengesetz and is available both to employees within the Continental Group as well as persons outside the company. The Integrity Hotline is open for information on potential violations of human rights and environmental rights among other issues. Alongside the whistleblower system a range of other resources are used to investigate potential protected right violations and implement preventive and remedial measures where necessary. The RVCDDS additionally defines the framework for taking remedial measures within the companys own business units as well as toward direct suppliers and should the situation arise also toward indirect suppliers. Sustainability aspects are also taken into consideration at various other points in supplier management. For example selected suppliers are evaluated based on various criteria using selfassessment questionnaires which we collect via the generally accepted sustainability platforms for our industries such as EcoVadis and NQC. These questionnaires are reviewed annually at the corporate level. Selective local audits or other audit activities are also carried out for example in relation to the existence of management systems. We also continue to develop our approach for the responsible value chain in dialogue with external stakeholders and support the development of industrywide standards for example through our participation in industry dialogue with the German government on human rights in the automotive industry. Here we have worked in particular to cultivate a shared understanding of industry risks and due diligence requirements. We are also involved in initiatives and associations such as econsense the Responsible Business Alliance RBA and the Global Platform for Sustainable Natural Rubber GPSNR. 

Score 0.412
Development of Material Topic Areas 

Score 0.411
Evonik Industries AG Essen since May Olaf Schick Group Compliance since May Group Internal Audit since May Group Law and Intellectual Property since May Group Quality Technical Compliance Continental Business System and Environment since May Group Risks and Controls since May 

Score 0.41
Contract manufacturing Insofar as the Continental Group manufactures products on behalf of Vitesco Technologies as part of contract manufacturing the agreement in certain cases includes an embedded lease whereby Continental acts as lessor. Such leases are classified as operating leases. The Continental Group receives variable lease payments depending on customer calls for delivery. Income in the reporting year related to variable lease payments due to contract manufacturing amounted to . million PY . million. Finance leases The Continental Group acts exclusively as a sublessor of leased land and buildings. As these subleases extend beyond the total remaining term of the head lease they are classified as finance leases. 

Score 0.41
Capital expenditure additions Additions in the ContiTech group sector increased by .million yearonyear to .million PY .million. The capital expenditure ratio was . PY .. Production capacity was expanded in Germany China the USA Mexico Brazil Hungary and Romania. There were major additions related to the expansion of production capacity in selected growth markets for the Surface Solutions Mobile Fluid Systems Conveying Solutions and Power Transmission Group business areas. In addition investments were made in all business areas to optimize existing production processes. Employees The number of employees in the ContiTech group sector rose by to as at December PY . This was mainly attributable to the acquisition of Printing Solutions Sweden Holding AB Trelleborg Sweden while adjustments to production volumes had an offsetting effect.

Score 0.409
Technical equipment and machinery Other equipment factory and office equipment Advances to suppliers and assets under construction Total As at January Cost . . . . . Accumulated depreciation . . . . . Book value . . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . . Additions . . . . . Additions from the firsttime consolidation of subsidiaries . . . . . Amounts disposed of through disposal of subsidiaries . . . . Reclassification tofrom assets held for sale . . . Transfers . . . . . Disposals . . . . . Depreciation . . . . Impairment

Score 0.409
sales of brake systems and airbag control units. The User Experience business area was able to offset the effect of discontinued product areas by significantly improving sales figures for display solutions. Sales volumes in the Smart Mobility business area were especially impressive in the commercial vehicle sector and in the replacementparts business. These higher volumes were additionally bolstered in the reporting year by price adjustments to offset inflationrelated effects. Sales rose by . yearonyear to .million PY . million. Before changes in the scope of consolidation and exchangerate effects sales rose by .. Adjusted EBIT Adjusted EBIT for the Automotive group sector increased by . million or . yearonyear in to .million PY.million corresponding to . PY. of adjusted sales. EBIT The Automotive group sector reported a yearonyear increase in EBIT of .million or . to.million in PY.million. The return on sales consequently improved to. PY.. The amortization of intangible assets from purchase price allocation PPA reduced EBIT by .million PY .million. For the Automotive group sector total consolidated expense from special effects in amounted to .million PY .million. For further details please see our comments on pages and regarding the special effects in and . The ROCE was. PY.. Procurement Electronic components and semiconductors are essential semi finished products for the Automotive group sector. The fluctuations in consumption triggered by changed consumer behavior in the wake of the COVID pandemic and advancing digitalization coupled with the resulting temporary shortage of semiconductors continued to make their presence felt in . This further drove up prices especially for supplycritical automotivespecific components but customer demand was still largely met overall. The prices of steel aluminum copper and plastics which are important raw materials for the Automotive sector rose significantly until the middle of the year in anticipation of a global economic upturn. In the wake of the sluggish economic recovery in China and the generally gloomier economic environment in Western countries due to creeping inflation and interest rate hikes however raw material prices began to fall again from the middle of the year onward. Raw material manufacturers scaled back production capacities from the market in response to weaker demand and persistently high energy prices in an effort to stabilize prices. Despite these reduced capacities the delivery situation and delivery times remained strained throughout . Research and development Research and development expenses net increased by . million or . yearonyear to .million PY .million corresponding to . PY . of sales. Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization fell by .million compared with fiscal to .million PY .million and amounted to . PY . of sales. It included impairment totaling .million in PY .million. Operating assetsOperating assets in the Automotive group sector increased by .million yearonyear to .million PY . million as at December . Working capital was up .million at .million PY .million. Inventories decreased by .million to . million PY .million. Operating receivables rose by .million to .million PY .million as at the reporting date. Operating liabilities were down . million at .million PY .million. Noncurrent operating assets were up .million at . million PY .million. Goodwill fell by .million to .million PY .million due to exchangerate effects. At .million property plant and equipment were .million above the previous years level of .million. Other intangible assets fell by .million to .million PY .million. Amortization of intangible assets from purchase price allocation PPA in the amount of .million PY . million reduced the value of intangible assets. In fiscal all Russian operations in the Automotive group sector were sold. This decreased operating assets by .million. An asset deal in the Automotive group sector added .million to operating assets. Exchangerate effects decreased the total operating assets of the Automotive group sector by .million in the reporting year PY increase of .million. Average operating assets in the Automotive group sector rose by .million compared with fiscal to .million PY .million. 

Score 0.409
On subsequent remeasurement of a disposal group the carrying amounts of any assets and liabilities that are not within the scope of the measurement requirements of IFRS Noncurrent Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations but are included in a disposal group classified as held for sale shall be remeasured in accordance with the applicable IFRS before the fair value less costs to sell of the disposal group is remeasured. A discontinued operation can also be classified as held for sale under IFRS . A discontinued operation is a component of an entity that either has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale and represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. The classification of a component of an entity as a discontinued operation is also appropriate in the case of classification as held for distribution provided the criteria are met. Financial instruments A financial instrument as defined in IAS Financial Instruments Presentation is a contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity. In the Continental Group a purchase or sale of financial assets or financial liabilities is recognized or derecognized at the settlement date. Financial assets Financial assets are recognized in the statement of financial position as at the date Continental becomes a contractual party to the financial instrument. At the acquisition date they must be classified into measurement categories that determine the subsequent accounting. Receivables from the receivables factoring programs carried out in the Continental Group are recognized in the statement of financial position when the risks and rewards in particular credit and default risk have not been essentially transferred. The repayment obligations therefrom are as a rule then shown as shortterm financial liabilities. The classification and measurement of financial assets that constitute debt instruments is based on the business model in which the assets are managed and on their cash flow characteristics. These conditions are cumulative criteria whose audit sequence is irrelevant. It is therefore necessary to analyze the business model in which the asset to be classified is held. This relates to the investigation of the way in which financial assets held in order to collect cash flows are managed. The Continental Group reclassifies debt instruments if the corresponding business model changes. IFRS Financial Instruments distinguishes between three business models 

Score 0.406
 Definition proportion of waste that has been sent for material recycling thermal recovery or any other form of recycling or reuse. Contains a small amount of imputed data for parts of the Continental Group that did not report data directly. 

Score 0.405
 . . Income from equityaccounted investees . . Other income from investments . . EBIT . . Interest income . . Interest expense . . Effects from currency translation . . Effects from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments and other valuation effects . . Financial result . . Earnings before tax . . Income tax expense . . Net income . . Noncontrolling interests . . Net income attributable to the shareholders of the parent . . Basic earnings per share in . . Diluted earnings per share in . . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.404
In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. In addition the assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas was adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly for both factors.

Score 0.402
Taxonomyeligible Economic Activities 

Score 0.401
. . Depreciation on research and development expenses . . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.401
Surface Solutions The Advanced Dynamics Solutions Conveying Solutions Industrial Fluid Solutions Mobile Fluid Systems and Power Transmission Group business areas as they existed in this setup until December will be reassigned to the three regional Industrial Solutions business areas and the Original Equipment Solutions business area effective January . Business and sales performance Sales in the ContiTech group sector increased by . yearonyear to .million in PY .million. Before changes in the scope of consolidation and exchangerate effects sales rose by .. This improvement was due to the positive development in the automotive originalequipment business which saw both increased volumes and favorable price adjustments to compensate for cost inflation. By contrast the industrial and automotive replacement businesses recorded a slight decline yearonyear due to market weakness in the second half of . These lower volumes were largely offset by adjusting prices. 

Score 0.401
 Definition allocated business with zerotailpipeemission vehicles comprises all business with products for vehicles transporting goods and people. The business can be allocated via the vehicle manufacturer the vehicle platform or the product specification for example. The data includes both pure business and attributable business such as in the case of combined vehicle platforms. For the Tires ContiTech and Contract Manufacturing group sectors the sales reported at the end of the year were included. In the case of the Automotive group sector a calculation was carried out for passenger cars and light commercial vehicles using internal vehiclespecific planning data for sales and external data for production quantities and for medium and heavy commercial vehicles this was based on the relevant customer portfolio. 

Score 0.4
 In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.228
December December millions Shortterm Longterm Shortterm Longterm Amounts receivable from related parties . . Loans to third parties . . Amounts receivable from employees . . Other amounts receivable . . . . Other financial assets . . . . 

Score 0.226
As in the previous year foreign tax rate differences as well as incentives and tax holidays had positive effects in the year under review. The tax rate was negatively impacted by noncash allowances on deferred tax assets totaling . million PY . million of which . million PY . million was for previous years. Furthermore as in the previous year the tax rate was negatively affected by nondeductible expenses and nonimputable foreign withholding taxes. In the year under review additional tax burdens were incurred from internal restructuring which are reported under Other. Please also refer to Note . As in the previous year the utilization of incentives in Europe Asia and the USA as well as in Brazil and Mexico had a positive impact on the tax rate. In the year under review local income taxes of . million PY . million were incurred with a different tax base. This was attributable primarily to local income taxes in Hungary and the alternative minimum tax in the USA. The effects from the change in enacted tax rate relate to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities due to changes in the law already taking effect with regard to future applicable tax rates. The following table shows the total income tax expense also including the items reported under reserves recognized directly in equity 

Score 0.288
. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

Score 0.253
 millions December December. Income tax expense acc. to consolidated statement of income . . Tax income on other comprehensive income . . Remeasurement of defined benefit plans . . Remeasurement of other financial investments . . Investment in equityaccounted investees . . Currency translation . . Total income tax expense . . 

Score 0.101
 millions Earnings before tax . . Nontaxdeductible impairment of goodwill

Score 0.127
The average domestic tax rate in was . PY .. This took into account a corporate tax rate of . PY . a solidarity surcharge of . PY . and a trade tax rate of . PY .. The reduction in the tax expense from foreign tax rate differences primarily reflects the volume of activities in Asia and Eastern Europe. 

Score 0.221
 . Earnings before tax and impairment of goodwill . . Expected tax expense at the domestic tax rate . . Foreign tax rate differences . . Nondeductible expenses and nonimputable withholding taxes . . Incentives and tax holidays . . Nonrecognition of deferred tax assets unlikely to be realized . . Initial recognition of deferred tax assets likely to be realized . . Realization of previously nonrecognized deferred taxes . . Local income tax with different tax base . . Taxes for previous years . . Effects from changes in enacted tax rate . . Other . . Income tax expense . . Effective tax rate in . . In the previous year earnings before tax were not adjusted for the goodwill impairment in the amount of . million. A portion totaling . million resulted in the reversal of deferred tax liabilities and therefore must be excluded from the reconciliation. 

Score 0.246
The addition to goodwill in totaling . million resulted mainly from the acquisition of Printing Solutions Sweden Holding AB Telleborg Sweden. Please see Note . In the previous year the addition to goodwill totaling . million resulted mainly from the acquisition of WCCO Belting LLC Wilmington Delaware USA. The carrying amount of goodwill relates principally to the acquisitions of Siemens VDO Continental Teves the automotive electronics business from Motorola Elektrobit Automotive and Veyance Technologies . No impairment of intangible assets was incurred in the reporting period. 

Score 0.189
The following table shows the reconciliation of the expected tax expense to the reported tax expense

Score 0.286
 millions Goodwill Capitalized development expenses Other intangible assets Advances to suppliers Total other intangible assets As at January Cost . . . . . Accumulated amortization . . . . . Book value . . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . . Additions . . . . Additions from the firsttime consolidation of subsidiaries . . . Amounts disposed of through disposal of subsidiaries . . Transfers . . . . Disposals . . . . Amortization . . . Impairment . . . Book value . . . . . As at December Cost . . . . . Accumulated amortization . . . . Book value . . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . . Additions . . . . Additions from the firsttime consolidation of subsidiaries . . . . Amounts disposed of through disposal of subsidiaries . . Transfers . . . . Disposals . . . . Amortization . . . Book value . . . . . As at December Cost . . . . . Accumulated amortization . . . . . Book value . . . . . 

Score 0.153
Goodwill millions Dec. Dec. Safety and Motion

Score 0.198
Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 

Score 0.248
The table below shows the goodwill of each cashgenerating unit CGU in line with the applicable organizational structure in the respective fiscal year 

Score 0.24
The domestic and foreign income tax expense of the Continental Group is as follows 

Score 0.201
. Safety and Motion . Vehicle Dynamics

Score 0.251
. Hydraulic Brake Systems

Score 0.147
. Passive Safety and Sensorics

Score 0.241
. Continental Engineering Services

Score 0.1
. Smart Mobility . Smart Mobility . Autonomous Mobility . Autonomous Mobility . Software and Central Technologies

Score 0.38
. Automotive . Automotive . Original Equipment . Original Equipment . Replacement EMEA Europe the Middle East and Africa . Replacement EMEA Europe the Middle East and Africa . Replacement APAC AsiaPacific region . Replacement APAC AsiaPacific region . Replacement The Americas North Central and South America . Replacement The Americas North Central and South America . Specialty Tires . Specialty Tires . Tires . Tires . Surface Solutions . Surface Solutions . Special Technologies and Solutions . Special Technologies and Solutions . Conveying Solutions . Conveying Solutions . Mobile Fluid Systems . Mobile Fluid Systems . Industrial Fluid Solutions . Industrial Fluid Solutions . Power Transmission Group . Power Transmission Group . Advanced Dynamics Solutions . Advanced Dynamics Solutions . ContiTech . ContiTech . Continental Group . Continental Group . Since January As part of the restructuring of the CGUs of the Safety and Motion business area the goodwill of Vehicle Dynamics Hydraulic Brake Systems and Passive Safety and Sensorics has been allocated to Safety and Motion. Since January As part of the restructuring of the CGUs of the Safety and Motion business area the goodwill of Continental Engineering Services has been allocated to Software and Central Technologies. 

Score 0.344
The additions to purchased intangible assets from changes in the scope of consolidation are attributable primarily to customer relationships and knowhow. Other additions related mainly to software in the amount of . million PY . million. Under IAS Intangible Assets . million PY . million of the total development costs incurred in qualified for recognition as an asset. Amortization of other intangible assets amounted to . million PY . million. Of this . million PY . million is included in the consolidated statement of income under cost of sales and . million PY . million under administrative expenses. The other intangible assets include carrying amounts adjusted for translationrelated exchangerate effects and not subject to amortization in the amount of . million PY . million. These relate in particular to the Elektrobit brand name Software and Central Technologies CGU in the amount of . million PY . million the Phoenix brand name Industrial Fluid Solutions Conveying Solutions and Advanced Dynamics Solutions CGUs in the amount of . million PY . million and the Matador brand name Replacement EMEA Europe the Middle East and Africa CGU in the amount of . million PY . million. The purchased intangible assets also include the carrying amounts of software amounting to . million PY . million which are amortized on a straightline basis as scheduled. 

Score 0.289
The aim of the Continental Group is to maintain a strong capital base in order to preserve the trust of the capital market customers and employees and to ensure the sustainable development of the company. To assess the achievement of these goals the Continental Group uses the equity ratio defined as equity reported in the statement of financial position including noncontrolling interests divided by total assets and the gearing ratio as key figures. The gearing ratio is calculated as net indebtedness corresponding to the amount of interestbearing financial liabilities the fair values of derivative instruments cash and cash equivalents and other interestbearing investments divided by equity as disclosed in the statement of financial position including noncontrolling interests. In general the gearing ratio should be below in the coming years. If justified by extraordinary financing reasons or specific market circumstances we can rise above this ratio under certain conditions. The equity ratio should exceed . The overall strategy of the Continental Group remained unchanged from the previous year. The Continental Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements and its main loan agreements do not currently contain any financial covenants. The above key figures and parameters as at the reporting date were as follows 

Score 0.18
. Capital Management 

Score 0.31
Continental Automotive Corporation Continental Automotive Corporation Lianyungang Co. Ltd. ContiTech Shandong Engineered Rubber Products Co. Ltd. millions Capital share of noncontrolling interests in . . . . . . Current assets . . . . . . Noncurrent assets . . . . . . Total assets . . . . . . Current liabilities . . . . . . Noncurrent liabilities . . . . . . Total liabilities . . . . . . Net assets . . . . . . Attributable to noncontrolling interests . . . . . . Sales . . . . . . Earnings after tax . . . . . . Attributable to noncontrolling interests . . . . . . Dividends to minority shareholders . . . . Cash flow before financing activities free cash flow . . . . . . 

Score 0.156
 millions Current taxes domestic . . Current taxes foreign . . Deferred taxes domestic . . Deferred taxes foreign . . Income tax expense . . 

Score 0.2
Effects from currency translation resulted in a positive contribution to earnings of . million in the reporting year PY negative contribution to earnings of . million. Effects from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments and other valuation effects resulted in income of . million PY . million. Other valuation effects accounted for . million of this PY . million. Taking into account the sum of the effects from currency translation and changes in the fair value of derivative instruments earnings in were positively impacted by . million PY negatively impacted by . million. A significant contributor to the yearonyear improvement was the development of the Chinese renminbi in relation to the euro. 

Score 0.227
. Income Tax Expense 

Score 0.242
The negative financial result increased by . million year on year to . million in PY . million. This increase was primarily attributable to the global interest rate trend on the capital markets. Interest income rose by . million yearonyear to . million in PY . million. Interest income in connection with income tax payables accounted for . million of the total PY . million. For details about the higher prioryear value please refer to the comments in the annual report. Interest expense totaled . million in and was thus . million higher than the previous years figure of . million. Interest expense from longterm employee benefits and expected income from longterm employee benefits and from pension funds amounted to a net expense of . million in the reporting year PY . million. These interest effects do not include the interest income from the plan assets of the pension contribution funds or the interest expense from the defined benefit obligations of the pension contribution funds. Interest expense resulting mainly from bank borrowings capital market transactions and other financing instruments was . million PY . million. Interest expense on lease liabilities accounted for . million of this PY . million. Interest expenses in connection with income tax payables amounted to . million PY . million. The bonds issued by Continental AG and ContiGummi Finance B.V. Maastricht Netherlands resulted in expenses of . million PY . million. The increase was primarily due to the issuance of euro bonds by Continental AG. A fiveyear bond with a volume of . million and a fixed interest rate of . p.a. was issued in the fourth quarter of . Two further bonds were issued in a fiveyear bond with a volume of . million in the second quarter of and a threeandahalfyear bond with a volume of . million in the third quarter of both with a fixed interest rate of . p.a. An offsetting effect was attributable to the repayment of a euro bond in the amount of . million with a fixed interest rate of . p.a. in the fourth quarter of . In addition a euro bond in the amount of . million with a fixed interest rate of . p.a. was repaid in the third quarter of . 

Score 0.376
. . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.138
Other income 

Score 0.318
 millions Income from research and development . . Compensation from customers and suppliers . . Income in connection with litigation and environmental risks . . Income from other ancillary business . . Income from the reversal of impairment on financial assets and contract assets . . Income from the reimbursement of customer tooling expenses . . Income from the disposal of property plant and equipment . . Income from transactions with related parties . . Income from other taxes . Income from the reversal of provisions for pending losses

Score 0.205
The necessary funding is determined every three years through technical valuations in line with local provisions. The obligations are measured using a discount rate based on government bonds and other conservatively selected actuarial assumptions. Compared with IAS which derives the discount rate from senior corporate bonds this usually results in a higher obligation. Three of the four defined benefit plans had a funding deficit on the basis of the most recent technical valuation. The trustees and the company have agreed on a recovery plan that provides for additional temporary annual payments. The valuation process must be completed within months of the valuation date. The most recent technical valuations of the four defined benefit pension plans took place with their valuation dates between December and March and led to the following result 

Score 0.203
Some prior commitments were granted through two legally independent pension contribution funds. Pensionskasse fr Angestellte der Continental Aktiengesellschaft VVaG and Pensionskasse von der Phoenix AG VVaG have been closed since March and July respectively. The pension contribution funds are smaller associations within the meaning of Section of the German Insurance Supervision Act Versicherungsaufsichts gesetz VAG and are subject to the supervision of the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority Bundesanstalt fr Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht. The investment regulations are in accordance with the legal requirements and risk structure of the obligations. The pension contribution funds have tariffs with an interest rate of . or .. Under the German Company Pensions Law Betriebsrentengesetz BetrAVG Continental is ultimately liable for the implementation path of the pension contribution fund. In accordance with IAS Employee Benefits the pension obligations covered by the pension contribution fund are therefore defined benefit pension plans. The pension contribution funds met their minimum net funding requirement as at December . However given that only the plan members are entitled to the assets and amounts generated the benefit obligations are recognized in the same amount as the existing assets at fair value. Continental also supports private contribution through deferred compensation schemes. Deferred compensation is essentially offered through a fully funded multiemployer plan Hchster Pensionskasse VVaG for contributions up to of the assessment ceiling in social security. The pension contribution fund ensures guaranteed minimum interest for which Continental is ultimately liable under the German Company Pensions Law. The company is not liable for guarantees to employees of other companies. As Hchster Pensionskasse VVaG is a combined defined benefit plan for several companies and Continental has no right to the information required for accounting for this defined benefit plan this plan is recognized as a defined contribution plan. Entitled employees can use the cash balance plan for deferred compensation contributions above the assessment ceiling. This share is funded by insurance annuity contracts. USA Owing to its acquisition history Continental has various defined benefit plans in the USA which were closed to new entrants and frozen to accretion of further benefits in a period from April to December . In acquisitions also included an open defined benefit plan for unionized employees. The closed defined benefit plans are commitments on the basis of the average final salary and cash balance commitments. The defined benefit plans for unionized and nonunionized employees are based on a pension multiplier per year of service. Closed defined benefit plans were replaced by defined contribution plans. Defined contribution plans apply to the majority of active employees in the USA. Due to the rise in interest rates further efforts are currently being made to push for additional funding. The plan assets of the defined benefit plans are managed in a master trust. Investment supervision was delegated to the Pension Committee a body appointed within the Continental Group. The legal and regulatory framework for the plans is based on the US Employee Retirement Income Security Act ERISA. The valuation of the financing level is required on the basis of this law. The interest rate used for this calculation is the average rate over a period of years and therefore currently higher than the interest rate used to discount obligations under IAS . The statutory valuation therefore gives rise to a lower obligation than that in line with IAS . There is a regulatory requirement to ensure minimum funding of in the defined benefit plans to prevent benefit curtailments. United Kingdom Continental maintains four defined benefit plans as a result of its history of acquisitions in the United Kingdom. All plans are commitments on the basis of the average or final salary. The four plans were closed to new employees in the period between April and November . Continental offers defined contribution plans for all employees who have joined the company since that time. As at April the Continental Group Pension and Life Assurance Scheme was frozen to accretion of further benefits. It was replaced by a defined contribution plan as at April . As at July the Mannesmann UK Pension Scheme was frozen to accretion of further benefits. It was replaced by a defined contribution plan as at August . Our pension strategy in the UK focuses on reducing risks and includes the option of partial or complete funding by purchasing annuities. The rise in interest rates and the good funded status currently present opportunities to push for partial or complete funding. The receptivity of the insurance market is currently limited. The funding conditions are defined by the UK Pensions Regulator and the corresponding laws and regulations. The defined benefit plans are managed by trust companies. The boards of trustees of these companies have an obligation solely to the good of the beneficiaries on the basis of the trust agreement and the law. 

Score 0.358
. . Income from the disposal of companies and business operations . . Other

Score 0.31
Other income decreased by . million to . million PY . million in the reporting period. The income from other ancillary business results primarily from revenues from licensing and franchising agreements the sale of recyclable materials and other ancillary business. The Other item mainly includes income from insurance compensation due to damage to property plant and equipment caused by force majeure. In addition government grants amounting to . million PY . million that were not intended for investments in noncurrent assets were received and recognized in profit or loss in the Other item. 

Score 0.23
Longterm employee benefits Pension plans In addition to statutory pension insurance the majority of employees are also entitled to defined benefit or defined contribution plans after the end of their employment. Our pension strategy is focusing on switching from defined benefit to defined contribution plans in order to offer both employees and the company a sustainable and readily understandable pension system. Many defined benefit plans have been closed for new employees or future service and replaced by defined contribution plans. In countries in which defined contribution plans are not possible for legal or economic reasons defined benefit plans have been optimized or changed to minimize the associated risks of longevity inflation and salary increases. Defined benefit plans Defined benefit plans include pension plans termination indemnities regardless of the reason for the end of employment and other postemployment benefits. As a result of the significant increase in the number of employees in recent years and the high level of acquisition activity pension obligations essentially relate to active employees. The defined benefit pension plans cover beneficiaries including active employees former employees with vested benefits and retirees and surviving dependents. The pension obligations are concentrated in four countries Germany the USA the United Kingdom and Canada which account for more than of total pension obligations. The weighted average term of the defined benefit pension obligations is around years. This term is based on the present value of the obligations. Germany In Germany Continental provides pension benefits through the cash balance plan prior commitments and deferred compensation. The retirement plan regulation applicable to active members is based primarily on the cash balance plan and thus on benefit modules. When the insured event occurs the retirement plan assets are paid out as a lumpsum benefit in installments or as a pension depending on the amount of the retirement plan assets. There are no material minimum guarantees in relation to a particular amount of retirement benefits. Pension plans transferred to or assumed by Continental in the context of acquisitions Siemens VDO Temic Teves Phoenix were included in the cash balance plan. For the main German companies the cash balance plan is partly covered by funds in contractual trust arrangements CTAs. In Germany there are no legal or regulatory minimum funding requirements. The CTAs are legally independent from the company and manage the plan assets as trustees in accordance with the respective CTAs. 

Score 0.187
Other expenses 

Score 0.292
 millions Expenses from currency translation . . Expenses in connection with litigation and environmental risks . . Expenses from the disposal of companies and business operations . . Expenses from impairment on financial assets and contract assets . . Compensation to customers and suppliers . . Expenses from other taxes . . Expenses from customer tooling . . Expenses from transactions with related parties . . Expenses from provisions for pending losses

Score 0.245
December December millions Shortterm Longterm Shortterm Longterm Pension provisions unfunded obligations and net liabilities from obligations and related funds . . Provisions for other postemployment benefits . . Provisions for similar obligations . . . . Other employee benefits . . Liabilities for workers compensation . . . . Liabilities for payroll and personnelrelated costs . . Termination benefits . . Liabilities for social security . . Liabilities for vacation . . Employee benefits . . . . Defined benefit assets difference between pension obligations and related funds . . 

Score 0.376
. . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly.

Score 0.231
The following table outlines the employee benefits 

Score 0.377
Other expenses decreased by . million to . million PY . million in the reporting period. In the year under review expenses of . million PY . million were incurred as a result of currency translation from operating receivables and liabilities in foreign currencies not classified as indebtedness. No impairment on goodwill was incurred in the reporting period PY . million. The Other item includes in particular legal costs in connection with investigations by the public prosecutors office into the suspected development and use of illegal defeat devices in diesel and gasoline engines of multiple automotive manufacturers external expenses from moving machinery between various company locations expenses in connection with the acquisition of Printing Solutions Sweden Holding AB Trelleborg Sweden and costs for damage due to force majeure. 

Score 0.139
. Employee Benefits 

Score 0.236
. Personnel Expenses 

Score 0.31
The following total personnel expenses are included in function costs in the income statement 

Score 0.254
 millions December December Total equity . . Total assets . . Equity ratio in . . Longterm indebtedness . . Shortterm indebtedness . . Longterm derivative instruments and interestbearing investments . . Shortterm derivative instruments and interestbearing investments . . Cash and cash equivalents . . Net indebtedness . . Gearing ratio in . . 

Score 0.137
 millions Wages and salaries . . Social security contributions . . Pension and postemployment benefit costs . . Personnel expenses . . 

Score 0.239
Compared with the reporting year personnel expenses increased by . million to . million PY . million.The average number of employees in was PY . As at the end of the year there were PY employees in the Continental Group. The yearonyear increase in personnel expenses was mainly due to higher wages and salaries and the creation of personnelrelated provisions for restructuring measures. Social security contributions of the companies of the Continental Group employer contributions amounted to . million in the reporting year PY . million. 

Score 0.127
. Income from Investments 

Score 0.266
 millions Share of earnings from equityaccounted investees . . Reversal of impairment losses from equityaccounted investees . Income from equityaccounted investees . . Other income from investments . . 

Score 0.194
With regard to the development of investments in equityaccounted investees please refer to Note . 