Scores_n_ADMINISTRATIVE AND SUPPORT SERVICE ACTIVITIESScore 0.51
Taxonomyeligible Economic Activities 

Score 0.49
Description of sales revenue in industrial and replacement business The type of performance obligations to customers in industrial and replacement business relates to the replacementtire and retail business of the Tires segment the industrial and retail business of the ContiTech segment and the replacementparts and retail business of the Automotive and Contract Manufacturing segments please refer to the information provided on the group sectors in the Structure of the Continental Group section of the consolidated management report. Invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms for most of the sales average days and differ mostly depending on the region andor product group. Payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases with the exception of business with end customers and consumers who often pay in cash or by card. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price as variable price components in line with expectations. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. Revenue is recognized at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer taking into account the agreed incoterms. There are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component. Description of revenue in other business activities Revenue in other business activities is included in the sales of the automotive originalequipment business in the sales of the industrial and replacement business and in other revenues. On the one hand services are provided and on the other project business is conducted in which developments for customers are made goods produced or services provided over a mediumterm or longer period. For this revenue there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component. The largest component of this revenue relates to revenue from research and development which is recognized at a point in time either when the entire development is completed or when identifiable milestones within a development are reached. Invoices are generally prepared after completion of a milestone or an entire development and acceptance by the customer. Payments are made by bank transfer in most cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. In addition services that are performed alongside the main business also lead to revenue recognition over time though in smaller amounts. Both input and outputbased measurement methods are used and sales are measured either based on the hours or days worked or the costs incurred input or based on the services rendered output. Invoices are generally prepared at least once a month and payments are made by bank transfer in most cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. In addition project business is conducted in which generally customerspecific goods or services are produced or provided for customers over a mediumterm or longer period. Revenue from this is likewise recognized over time and sales are mostly measured using inputbased measurement methods taking account of the costs incurred. Invoices are generally issued as contractually agreed. Advance payments averaging are usually made by the customers before the start of a project. Payments are made by bank transfer in most cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted. Contract assets and contract liabilities Contract assets primarily arise in the project business from customerspecific goods or services for customers but are only of minor significance in the Continental Group. Contract assets must be recognized because the goods or services are provided over a mediumterm or longer period in which goods or services have already been provided by Continental but there is not yet an unconditional right against the customer i.e. a receivable. The right or part of the right to consideration from the customer is often only unconditional once the provision of the services has been completed and can then be recognized as a receivable and invoiced in full. The associated payments are generally made on the basis of actual invoicing. The recognition of receivables and the receipt of payments reduce the associated contract assets. Contract liabilities include mainly advance payments by customers for deliveries of goods and for services to be performed. In the case of these advance payments by customers for deliveries of goods and for services to be performed the customer has already paid the consideration or part of the consideration but Continental has generally not yet satisfied its performance obligation or has done so only to a limited extent. The provision of the corresponding services to the customers by Continental reduces the level of the associated contract liabilities. Research and development expenses Research and development expenses comprise expenditure on research and development and expenses for customerspecific applications prototypes and testing. Where refunds from customers for research and development expenses are agreed these costs are recognized in inventories until control is transferred. Once control is transferred the refund amounts are stated under other income. In addition the expenses are reduced by the amount relating to the application of research results from the development of new or substantially improved products if the related activity fulfills the recognition criteria for internally generated intangible assets set out in IAS Intangible Assets. This portion of the expenses is capitalized as an asset and amortized over a period of three to seven years from the date that the developed products become marketable. However expenses for customerspecific applications preproduction prototypes or tests for products already being marketed do not qualify as development expenditure which may be recognized as an intangible asset. Furthermore expenses incurred directly in connection with the launch of new production operations and plants are recognized directly in profit or loss. 

Score 0.48
Information on the development of topic areas that have been identified as being relevant to the sustainable development of the company but according to an internal analysis were not classified as being relevant to reporting for the combined nonfinancial statement can be found in the locations specified below 

Score 0.455
Taxonomyaligned Economic Activities 

Score 0.45
Other income decreased by . million to . million PY . million in the reporting period. The income from other ancillary business results primarily from revenues from licensing and franchising agreements the sale of recyclable materials and other ancillary business. The Other item mainly includes income from insurance compensation due to damage to property plant and equipment caused by force majeure. In addition government grants amounting to . million PY . million that were not intended for investments in noncurrent assets were received and recognized in profit or loss in the Other item. 

Score 0.442
The expanded interpretation of economic activities classified as Taxonomyeligible in the reporting year likewise led to a significant increase in Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure. A total sum of .million was reported as Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure in the reporting year PY .million equivalent to . of total capital expenditure PY .. The breakdown of Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure by category is shown in the table on page. The information on capital expenditure is prepared in accordance with section.. of Annex to the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations in compliance with IFRS accounting regulations. Information on the Continental Groups total capital expenditure can be found in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in the segment reporting Note of this annual report. The information refers to capital expenditure in the intangible assets Note property plant and equipment Note leases Note and investment property Note presented in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Operating expenditure is defined in accordance with section.. of Annex to the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations and has been calculated on an imputed basis as described above. For the denominator of the key figure calculation for operating expenditure Continental takes into account direct noncapitalized costs incurred in the reporting year as a result of research and development net building renovation measures shortterm leasing and maintenance and repairs. The expanded interpretation of economic activities classified as Taxonomyeligible in the reporting year likewise led to a significant increase in Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure. A total sum of .million was reported as Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure in the reporting year PY .million equivalent to . of total operating expenditure PY .. The breakdown of Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure by category is shown in the table on page. When determining the Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure for reasons of materiality the decision was made to forgo separate reporting of investments in individual measures and the acquisition of products from Taxonomyeligible economic activities under category c as well as reporting of the resulting operating expenditure in the reporting year. Continental notes that from its perspective various interpretations with respect to the requirements concerning capital expenditure and operating expenditure particularly for category c and for operating expenditure more generally continue to result in uncertainty when determining Taxonomyrelated information. 

Score 0.439
The required information on the business model can be found in the Structure of the Continental Group section starting on page and in the Strategy of the Continental Group section starting on page. Information on risks can be found in the report on risks and opportunities starting on page. Beyond this no additional risks in relation to nonfinancial topic areas were identified pursuant to Sectionc HGB. 

Score 0.436
Other This business model constitutes a catchall category. This model occurs in the Continental Group in connection with recognized trade accounts receivable from third parties which will probably be sold under a true saleofreceivables factoring agreement however it is fundamentally of subordinate importance in the Continental Group. In addition to the analysis of the business model the contractual terms applicable on acquisition of the financial instrument must also be assessed SPPI solely payments of principal and interest criterion. The SPPI criterion is met when the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding are consistent with a basic lending arrangement. 

Score 0.431
. . . . Other liabilities . . . . Miscellaneous liabilities also include other liabilities to related parties. Please see Note . 

Score 0.422
Additional Disclosures and Notes Pursuant to Sections a and a HGB 

Score 0.422
. . . . . . EBIT . . . . . . Amortization of intangible assets from purchase price allocation PPA . . . . Changes in the scope of consolidation

Score 0.421
. . Income from the disposal of companies and business operations . . Other

Score 0.42
 In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.419
On subsequent remeasurement of a disposal group the carrying amounts of any assets and liabilities that are not within the scope of the measurement requirements of IFRS Noncurrent Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations but are included in a disposal group classified as held for sale shall be remeasured in accordance with the applicable IFRS before the fair value less costs to sell of the disposal group is remeasured. A discontinued operation can also be classified as held for sale under IFRS . A discontinued operation is a component of an entity that either has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale and represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. The classification of a component of an entity as a discontinued operation is also appropriate in the case of classification as held for distribution provided the criteria are met. Financial instruments A financial instrument as defined in IAS Financial Instruments Presentation is a contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity. In the Continental Group a purchase or sale of financial assets or financial liabilities is recognized or derecognized at the settlement date. Financial assets Financial assets are recognized in the statement of financial position as at the date Continental becomes a contractual party to the financial instrument. At the acquisition date they must be classified into measurement categories that determine the subsequent accounting. Receivables from the receivables factoring programs carried out in the Continental Group are recognized in the statement of financial position when the risks and rewards in particular credit and default risk have not been essentially transferred. The repayment obligations therefrom are as a rule then shown as shortterm financial liabilities. The classification and measurement of financial assets that constitute debt instruments is based on the business model in which the assets are managed and on their cash flow characteristics. These conditions are cumulative criteria whose audit sequence is irrelevant. It is therefore necessary to analyze the business model in which the asset to be classified is held. This relates to the investigation of the way in which financial assets held in order to collect cash flows are managed. The Continental Group reclassifies debt instruments if the corresponding business model changes. IFRS Financial Instruments distinguishes between three business models 

Score 0.419
Management Organization and Responsibilities 

Score 0.418
 . . Income from equityaccounted investees . . Other income from investments . . EBIT . . Interest income . . Interest expense . . Effects from currency translation . . Effects from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments and other valuation effects . . Financial result . . Earnings before tax . . Income tax expense . . Net income . . Noncontrolling interests . . Net income attributable to the shareholders of the parent . . Basic earnings per share in . . Diluted earnings per share in . . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.417
Technical equipment and machinery Other equipment factory and office equipment Advances to suppliers and assets under construction Total As at January Cost . . . . . Accumulated depreciation . . . . . Book value . . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . . Additions . . . . . Additions from the firsttime consolidation of subsidiaries . . . . . Amounts disposed of through disposal of subsidiaries . . . . Reclassification tofrom assets held for sale . . . Transfers . . . . . Disposals . . . . . Depreciation . . . . Impairment

Score 0.413
. General Information and Accounting Principles 

Score 0.412
In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. In addition the assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas was adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly for both factors.

Score 0.412
 millions Automotive . . Tires . . ContiTech . . Contract Manufacturing . . OtherHoldingConsolidation . . EBIT . . Financial result . . Earnings before tax . . Income tax expense . . Net income . . Noncontrolling interests . . Net income attributable to the shareholders of the parent . . 

Score 0.41
The additions to purchased intangible assets from changes in the scope of consolidation are attributable primarily to customer relationships and knowhow. Other additions related mainly to software in the amount of . million PY . million. Under IAS Intangible Assets . million PY . million of the total development costs incurred in qualified for recognition as an asset. Amortization of other intangible assets amounted to . million PY . million. Of this . million PY . million is included in the consolidated statement of income under cost of sales and . million PY . million under administrative expenses. The other intangible assets include carrying amounts adjusted for translationrelated exchangerate effects and not subject to amortization in the amount of . million PY . million. These relate in particular to the Elektrobit brand name Software and Central Technologies CGU in the amount of . million PY . million the Phoenix brand name Industrial Fluid Solutions Conveying Solutions and Advanced Dynamics Solutions CGUs in the amount of . million PY . million and the Matador brand name Replacement EMEA Europe the Middle East and Africa CGU in the amount of . million PY . million. The purchased intangible assets also include the carrying amounts of software amounting to . million PY . million which are amortized on a straightline basis as scheduled. 

Score 0.408
. . Depreciation on research and development expenses . . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.408
. . . . . . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.405
. . . in of adjusted sales . . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. Excluding impairment on financial investments. Impairment also includes necessary reversals of impairment losses. Capital expenditure on property plant and equipment and software. Excluding trainees. Before changes in the scope of consolidation. Before amortization of intangible assets from purchase price allocation PPA changes in the scope of consolidation and special effects. 

Score 0.405
. . . in of adjusted sales . . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. Excluding impairment on financial investments. Impairment also includes necessary reversals of impairment losses. Capital expenditure on property plant and equipment and software. Excluding trainees. Before changes in the scope of consolidation. Before amortization of intangible assets from purchase price allocation PPA changes in the scope of consolidation and special effects.

Score 0.405
. . Tax on other comprehensive income . . Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss Currency translation

Score 0.405
Skills expertise and experience related to corporate governance particularly in the areas of 

Score 0.402
. . . . . Restructuringrelated expenses . . . . Severance payments . . . . . . Gains and losses from disposals of companies and business operations . . . . . Other

Score 0.402
. . Other income and expenses

Score 0.4
 millions Interest income . . Interest and similar expenses . . Interest expenses from lease liabilities . . Interest effects from noncurrent liabilities . . Interest effects from longterm employee benefits and from pension funds . . Interest expense . . Effects from currency translation . . Effects from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments . . Other valuation effects . . Effects from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments and other valuation effects . . Financial result . . 

Score 0.269
 millions December December. Income tax expense acc. to consolidated statement of income . . Tax income on other comprehensive income . . Remeasurement of defined benefit plans . . Remeasurement of other financial investments . . Investment in equityaccounted investees . . Currency translation . . Total income tax expense . . 

Score 0.273
. Automotive . Automotive . Original Equipment . Original Equipment . Replacement EMEA Europe the Middle East and Africa . Replacement EMEA Europe the Middle East and Africa . Replacement APAC AsiaPacific region . Replacement APAC AsiaPacific region . Replacement The Americas North Central and South America . Replacement The Americas North Central and South America . Specialty Tires . Specialty Tires . Tires . Tires . Surface Solutions . Surface Solutions . Special Technologies and Solutions . Special Technologies and Solutions . Conveying Solutions . Conveying Solutions . Mobile Fluid Systems . Mobile Fluid Systems . Industrial Fluid Solutions . Industrial Fluid Solutions . Power Transmission Group . Power Transmission Group . Advanced Dynamics Solutions . Advanced Dynamics Solutions . ContiTech . ContiTech . Continental Group . Continental Group . Since January As part of the restructuring of the CGUs of the Safety and Motion business area the goodwill of Vehicle Dynamics Hydraulic Brake Systems and Passive Safety and Sensorics has been allocated to Safety and Motion. Since January As part of the restructuring of the CGUs of the Safety and Motion business area the goodwill of Continental Engineering Services has been allocated to Software and Central Technologies. 

Score 0.172
. Smart Mobility . Smart Mobility . Autonomous Mobility . Autonomous Mobility . Software and Central Technologies

Score 0.164
The average domestic tax rate in was . PY .. This took into account a corporate tax rate of . PY . a solidarity surcharge of . PY . and a trade tax rate of . PY .. The reduction in the tax expense from foreign tax rate differences primarily reflects the volume of activities in Asia and Eastern Europe. 

Score 0.259
As in the previous year foreign tax rate differences as well as incentives and tax holidays had positive effects in the year under review. The tax rate was negatively impacted by noncash allowances on deferred tax assets totaling . million PY . million of which . million PY . million was for previous years. Furthermore as in the previous year the tax rate was negatively affected by nondeductible expenses and nonimputable foreign withholding taxes. In the year under review additional tax burdens were incurred from internal restructuring which are reported under Other. Please also refer to Note . As in the previous year the utilization of incentives in Europe Asia and the USA as well as in Brazil and Mexico had a positive impact on the tax rate. In the year under review local income taxes of . million PY . million were incurred with a different tax base. This was attributable primarily to local income taxes in Hungary and the alternative minimum tax in the USA. The effects from the change in enacted tax rate relate to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities due to changes in the law already taking effect with regard to future applicable tax rates. The following table shows the total income tax expense also including the items reported under reserves recognized directly in equity 

Score 0.264
. Continental Engineering Services

Score 0.055
. Passive Safety and Sensorics

Score 0.311
The table below shows the goodwill of each cashgenerating unit CGU in line with the applicable organizational structure in the respective fiscal year 

Score 0.31
Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 

Score 0.328
. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

Score 0.34
 millions Goodwill Capitalized development expenses Other intangible assets Advances to suppliers Total other intangible assets As at January Cost . . . . . Accumulated amortization . . . . . Book value . . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . . Additions . . . . Additions from the firsttime consolidation of subsidiaries . . . Amounts disposed of through disposal of subsidiaries . . Transfers . . . . Disposals . . . . Amortization . . . Impairment . . . Book value . . . . . As at December Cost . . . . . Accumulated amortization . . . . Book value . . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . . Additions . . . . Additions from the firsttime consolidation of subsidiaries . . . . Amounts disposed of through disposal of subsidiaries . . Transfers . . . . Disposals . . . . Amortization . . . Book value . . . . . As at December Cost . . . . . Accumulated amortization . . . . . Book value . . . . . 

Score 0.287
The addition to goodwill in totaling . million resulted mainly from the acquisition of Printing Solutions Sweden Holding AB Telleborg Sweden. Please see Note . In the previous year the addition to goodwill totaling . million resulted mainly from the acquisition of WCCO Belting LLC Wilmington Delaware USA. The carrying amount of goodwill relates principally to the acquisitions of Siemens VDO Continental Teves the automotive electronics business from Motorola Elektrobit Automotive and Veyance Technologies . No impairment of intangible assets was incurred in the reporting period. 

Score 0.131
. Hydraulic Brake Systems

Score 0.173
. Safety and Motion . Vehicle Dynamics

Score 0.122
Goodwill millions Dec. Dec. Safety and Motion

Score 0.29
 . Earnings before tax and impairment of goodwill . . Expected tax expense at the domestic tax rate . . Foreign tax rate differences . . Nondeductible expenses and nonimputable withholding taxes . . Incentives and tax holidays . . Nonrecognition of deferred tax assets unlikely to be realized . . Initial recognition of deferred tax assets likely to be realized . . Realization of previously nonrecognized deferred taxes . . Local income tax with different tax base . . Taxes for previous years . . Effects from changes in enacted tax rate . . Other . . Income tax expense . . Effective tax rate in . . In the previous year earnings before tax were not adjusted for the goodwill impairment in the amount of . million. A portion totaling . million resulted in the reversal of deferred tax liabilities and therefore must be excluded from the reconciliation. 

Score 0.22
. Income Tax Expense 

Score 0.157
 millions Earnings before tax . . Nontaxdeductible impairment of goodwill

Score 0.328
. . . . . . Income from research and development . . . . Research and development expenses net

Score 0.368
 millions Income from research and development . . Compensation from customers and suppliers . . Income in connection with litigation and environmental risks . . Income from other ancillary business . . Income from the reversal of impairment on financial assets and contract assets . . Income from the reimbursement of customer tooling expenses . . Income from the disposal of property plant and equipment . . Income from transactions with related parties . . Income from other taxes . Income from the reversal of provisions for pending losses

Score 0.349
Other income 

Score 0.376
. . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.319
. . Other expenses

Score 0.215
 millions Other income

Score 0.394
. Other Income and Expenses 

Score 0.301
 millions Automotive Tires ContiTech Contract Manufacturing Consolidation Continental Group Research and development expenses . . . . . . Income from research and development . . . . Research and development expenses net . . . . . . millions Automotive Tires ContiTech Contract Manufacturing Consolidation Continental Group Research and development expenses

Score 0.353
 millions Expenses from currency translation . . Expenses in connection with litigation and environmental risks . . Expenses from the disposal of companies and business operations . . Expenses from impairment on financial assets and contract assets . . Compensation to customers and suppliers . . Expenses from other taxes . . Expenses from customer tooling . . Expenses from transactions with related parties . . Expenses from provisions for pending losses

Score 0.29
The expenses and income from research and development are shown in the two tables below. The research and development expenses include government grants totaling . million PY . million. 

Score 0.297
. Research and Development Expenses 

Score 0.317
The amounts relate chiefly to future income from research and development whereby the revenue is expected to be recognized within the periods shown. For contracts as defined in IFRS with a term of less than one year the practical expedient under IFRS . a is applied and no amounts are shown. Use of other practical expedients For contracts for which the time interval between the provision of the service by Continental and the expected payment by the customer comes to less than one year as at the start of the contract the practical expedient from IFRS . is applied and the transaction price is not adjusted for any significant financing components contained. 

Score 0.182
 millions onward Income from research and development . . Other revenues . . Total . . 

Score 0.26
Transaction price for performance obligations not yet satisfied The table below shows the aggregated anticipated amounts of transaction prices for performance obligations not yet satisfied or only partly satisfied from contracts as defined in IFRS with a term of more than one year. 

Score 0.352
Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Income 

Score 0.347
Other expenses 

Score 0.308
. . Losses on the disposal of property plant and equipment and from scrapping . . Impairment on goodwill . Other

Score 0.153
The following table shows the reconciliation of the expected tax expense to the reported tax expense

Score 0.316
With regard to the development of investments in equityaccounted investees please refer to Note . 

Score 0.132
 millions Current taxes domestic . . Current taxes foreign . . Deferred taxes domestic . . Deferred taxes foreign . . Income tax expense . . 

Score 0.215
The domestic and foreign income tax expense of the Continental Group is as follows 

Score 0.351
In the Automotive segment investments were made at locations in Germany as well as in China Mexico Romania Serbia the USA Czechia Lithuania and Hungary. In particular production capacity was increased in the Safety and Motion User Experience Architecture and Networking and Autonomous Mobility business areas. There were major additions related to the construction of new manufacturing plants for electronic brake systems and innovative display and operating solutions as well as vehicle electronics such as highperformance computers and radar and camera solutions. Investments were made to construct new production sites in Kaunas Lithuania and Novi Sad Serbia. In the Tires segment investments were made to optimize and expand production capacity at existing plants in European bestcost locations and in the USA China Germany Brazil Thailand and Mexico. There were major additions related to the expansion of the production site in Hefei China. Quality assurance and costcutting measures were implemented as well. In the ContiTech segment production capacity was expanded in Germany China the USA Mexico Brazil Hungary and Romania. There were major additions related to the expansion of production capacity in selected growth markets for the Surface Solutions Mobile Fluid Systems Conveying Solutions and Power Transmission Group business areas. In addition investments were made in all business areas to optimize existing production processes. In the Contract Manufacturing segment the capital expenditure was primarily attributable to production equipment for the manufacture of specific products and the implementation of new technologies. The addition to property plant and equipment from changes in the scope of consolidation totaling . million resulted mainly from the acquisition of Printing Solutions Sweden Holding AB Telleborg Sweden. Please see Note . In the previous year the addition to property plant and equipment totaling . million resulted mainly from the acquisition of WCCO Belting LLC Wilmington Delaware USA. Impairment on property plant and equipment resulted in expenses totaling . million of which . million was attributable to cost of sales and . million to administrative expenses. The impairment mainly related to an administration building in the amount of . million and a plant closure in the amount of . million. Impairments were also incurred due to the scrapping of machinery. In addition reversals of impairment losses on property plant and equipment resulted in income of . million within the scope of cost of sales. Government investment grants of . million PY . million were deducted directly from cost. As in the previous year no borrowing costs were capitalized when applying IAS Borrowing Costs. Please see Note for information on reclassifications during the period to assets held for sale. There are restrictions on title and property plant and equipment pledged as security for liabilities in the amount of . million PY . million. Please see Note for information on the rightofuse assets that are recognized under property plant and equipment in accordance with IFRS Leases. 

Score 0.238
Effects from currency translation resulted in a positive contribution to earnings of . million in the reporting year PY negative contribution to earnings of . million. Effects from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments and other valuation effects resulted in income of . million PY . million. Other valuation effects accounted for . million of this PY . million. Taking into account the sum of the effects from currency translation and changes in the fair value of derivative instruments earnings in were positively impacted by . million PY negatively impacted by . million. A significant contributor to the yearonyear improvement was the development of the Chinese renminbi in relation to the euro. 

Score 0.283
The negative financial result increased by . million year on year to . million in PY . million. This increase was primarily attributable to the global interest rate trend on the capital markets. Interest income rose by . million yearonyear to . million in PY . million. Interest income in connection with income tax payables accounted for . million of the total PY . million. For details about the higher prioryear value please refer to the comments in the annual report. Interest expense totaled . million in and was thus . million higher than the previous years figure of . million. Interest expense from longterm employee benefits and expected income from longterm employee benefits and from pension funds amounted to a net expense of . million in the reporting year PY . million. These interest effects do not include the interest income from the plan assets of the pension contribution funds or the interest expense from the defined benefit obligations of the pension contribution funds. Interest expense resulting mainly from bank borrowings capital market transactions and other financing instruments was . million PY . million. Interest expense on lease liabilities accounted for . million of this PY . million. Interest expenses in connection with income tax payables amounted to . million PY . million. The bonds issued by Continental AG and ContiGummi Finance B.V. Maastricht Netherlands resulted in expenses of . million PY . million. The increase was primarily due to the issuance of euro bonds by Continental AG. A fiveyear bond with a volume of . million and a fixed interest rate of . p.a. was issued in the fourth quarter of . Two further bonds were issued in a fiveyear bond with a volume of . million in the second quarter of and a threeandahalfyear bond with a volume of . million in the third quarter of both with a fixed interest rate of . p.a. An offsetting effect was attributable to the repayment of a euro bond in the amount of . million with a fixed interest rate of . p.a. in the fourth quarter of . In addition a euro bond in the amount of . million with a fixed interest rate of . p.a. was repaid in the third quarter of . 

Score 0.203
. Financial Result 

Score 0.32
 millions Share of earnings from equityaccounted investees . . Reversal of impairment losses from equityaccounted investees . Income from equityaccounted investees . . Other income from investments . . 

Score 0.376
. . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly.

Score 0.22
. Income from Investments 

Score 0.287
Compared with the reporting year personnel expenses increased by . million to . million PY . million.The average number of employees in was PY . As at the end of the year there were PY employees in the Continental Group. The yearonyear increase in personnel expenses was mainly due to higher wages and salaries and the creation of personnelrelated provisions for restructuring measures. Social security contributions of the companies of the Continental Group employer contributions amounted to . million in the reporting year PY . million. 

Score 0.148
 millions Wages and salaries . . Social security contributions . . Pension and postemployment benefit costs . . Personnel expenses . . 

Score 0.382
The following total personnel expenses are included in function costs in the income statement 

Score 0.317
. Personnel Expenses 

Score 0.38
Other expenses decreased by . million to . million PY . million in the reporting period. In the year under review expenses of . million PY . million were incurred as a result of currency translation from operating receivables and liabilities in foreign currencies not classified as indebtedness. No impairment on goodwill was incurred in the reporting period PY . million. The Other item includes in particular legal costs in connection with investigations by the public prosecutors office into the suspected development and use of illegal defeat devices in diesel and gasoline engines of multiple automotive manufacturers external expenses from moving machinery between various company locations expenses in connection with the acquisition of Printing Solutions Sweden Holding AB Trelleborg Sweden and costs for damage due to force majeure. 

Score 0.365
. Property Plant and Equipment 

Score 0.183
 Annual Report

Score 0.046
 millions Land landrights andbuildings

Score 0.379
. . . . . Book value . . . . . As at December Cost . . . . . Accumulated depreciation . . . . . Book value . . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . . Additions . . . . . Additions from the firsttime consolidation of subsidiaries . . . . . Amounts disposed of through disposal of subsidiaries . . Reclassification tofrom assets held for sale . . . . . Transfers . . . . . Disposals . . . . . Depreciation . . . . Impairment

Score 0.353
The carrying amounts of the trade accounts receivable net of loss allowances are their fair values. Please see Note for information on the default risks in relation to trade accounts receivable. The Continental Group uses several programs for the sale of receivables. When the risks and rewards of receivables in particular credit and default risks have mostly not been transferred the receivables are still recognized as assets in the statement of financial position. Under the existing saleofreceivables programs the contractual rights to the receipt of payment inflows have been assigned to the corresponding contractual parties. The transferred receivables have short remaining terms. As a rule therefore the carrying amounts as at the reporting date in the amount of . million PY . million are approximately equivalent to their fair value. The respective liabilities with a carrying amount of . million PY . million represent the liquidation proceeds from the sale of the receivables. As in the previous year this was approximately equivalent to their fair value. The committed financing volume under these saleofreceivables programs amounts to . million PY . million. 

Score 0.238
 millions December December Trade accounts receivable . . Loss allowances . . Trade accounts receivable . . 

Score 0.218
. Trade Accounts Receivable 

Score 0.264
Writedowns recognized on inventories increased by . million to . million PY . million. 

Score 0.204
 millions December December Raw materials and supplies . . Work in progress . . Finished goods and merchandise . . Inventories . . 

Score 0.275
. Inventories 

Score 0.272
The tax refund claims primarily resulted from VAT receivables from the purchase of production materials. The trade accounts receivable from the sale of customer tools related to costs that have not yet been invoiced.In particular prepaid expenses include license fees as well as rent and maintenance services paid for in advance. Among other things the Other item includes other advanced costs as well as assets from related parties. Impairment totaling . million PY . million was recognized for the probable default risk on other assets. 

Score 0.351
December December millions Shortterm Longterm Shortterm Longterm Trade accounts receivable from the sale of customer tools . . Tax refund claims incl. VAT and other taxes . . Prepaid expenses . . Other . . . . Other assets . . . . 

Score 0.275
. Other Assets 

Score 0.352
Amounts receivable from related parties related primarily to loans to associates. Loans to third parties related mainly to loans to customers with various maturities and tenant loans for individual properties. Amounts receivable from employees related mainly to preliminary payments for hourly wages and for other advances. In particular other amounts receivable include investment subsidies for research and development expenses not yet utilized and amounts receivable from suppliers. The carrying amounts of the other financial assets are essentially their fair values. Please see Note for information on the default risks in relation to other financial assets. 

Score 0.286
December December millions Shortterm Longterm Shortterm Longterm Amounts receivable from related parties . . Loans to third parties . . Amounts receivable from employees . . Other amounts receivable . . . . Other financial assets . . . . 

Score 0.332
. Other Financial Assets 

Score 0.237
The temporary differences from retained earnings of foreign companies amounted to a total of . million PY . million. Deferred tax liabilities were not taken into account since remittance to the parent company is not planned in the short or medium term. 

Score 0.196
Of the deferred tax assets deemed unusable tax losses and interest carried forward of . million PY . million can be used indefinitely . million PY . million expire within the next years and . million PY . million expire in more than years. Of the deferred tax assets on allowable tax credits deemed unusable . million PY . million can be used indefinitely . million PY . million expire within the next years and . million PY expire in more than years. Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences can be used indefinitely. As at December some Continental Group companies and tax groups that reported a loss in the current or previous year recognized total deferred tax assets of . million PY . million which arose from current losses tax losses carried forward and a surplus of deferred tax assets. Given that future taxable income is expected it is sufficiently probable that these deferred tax assets can be realized. 

Score 0.272
 millions December December Temporary differences . . Tax losses carried forward and limitation of interest deduction . . Allowable tax credits . . Total of all items for which no deferred tax assets were recognized . . 