Scores_h_TRANSPORTATION AND STORAGEScore 0.508
The carrying amount comprises the following items of the statement of financial position 

Score 0.497
We allocated all economic activities involved in the manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents to category .. This classification is based in particular on the fact that from Continentals perspective the reference to activity . does not impose any restrictions on components in relation to the function or drive system of rail vehicles for which the components are manufactured provided that the components and systems are necessary for the operation and functioning of rail vehicles. Furthermore the activity designation does not entail any restrictions on components for example in relation to function or drive system. In contrast to the previous year in the reporting year all activities involved in tire manufacturing were classified as Taxonomyeligible under category .. In Recital of Delegated Regulation amending Delegated Regulation the Commission made it clear that tire manufacturing has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector and can contribute to a more circular economy. Until specific technical assessment criteria are defined for this activity tire manufacturing shall remain a Taxonomyeligible activity under category . Manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies. It is Continentals opinion that this clarification for the purposes of Taxonomy eligibility refers to the manufacture of tires of all kinds without any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies. Based on this clarification Continental has amended its approach compared with the previous year and now allocates the manufacture of tires of all kinds without any restrictions in terms of specific properties label classes or drive system technologies to category .. Alternative interpretations were also examined here but they were found to be unsuitable by Continental particularly with regard to Recital . In addition various Continental industrial businesses will continue to be reported as Taxonomyeligible as they were in the previous year. In the reporting year these primarily comprised the manufacture of components for wind turbines and the manufacture of materials for industrial plant insulation. Continental still allocates these businesses to category . Manufacture of other lowcarbon technologies since the economic activities pursue substantial reductions and therefore make significant contributions to the expansion of renewable energies and energy saving for example through insulation in industrial plants. For these classifications as well Continental believes it is irrelevant which functions are fulfilled by the supplier technologies in the end products as long as the end product facilitates the goals set out in Art. of the Taxonomy Regulation. The activities mentioned are not identified as Taxonomyeligible under Annex II to the Climate Delegated Act climate change adaptation. All other economic activities of the Continental Group that are not included in the aforementioned economic activities have been classified as Taxonomynoneligible for the reporting year. Accordingly Continental currently has not allocated any economic activities to the other environmental objectives under Annex I Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources Annex II Transition to a circular economy Annex III Pollution prevention and control or Annex IV Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. We base the classification on the information publicly available at the time the report was prepared. Taxonomyeligible turnover The information on turnover is prepared in accordance with section.. of Annex to the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations and in compliance with IFRS accounting regulations see tables at the end of this nonfinancial statement. The method of determination selected by Continental ensures that double counting is avoided. The described firsttime classification of all tire manufacturing activities as Taxonomyeligible under category . and the firsttime classification of all other economic activities involved in the manufacture of automotive and mobility systems and components for road vehicles as Taxonomyeligible under category . resulted in a significant increase in Taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year. Added to this was the firsttime classification of other economic activities involved in the manufacture of rail rolling stock constituents as Taxonomyeligible under category .. In addition various Continental industrial businesses were reported as Taxonomyeligible under category . as they were in the previous year. A total sum of .billion was reported as Taxonomyeligible turnover in the reporting year PY .billion equivalent to . of total consolidated sales PY .. The breakdown of Taxonomyeligible turnover by category is shown in the table on page. Information on the Continental Groups total turnover the denominator of the key figure calculation can be found in the consolidated statement of income of this annual report under Sales. Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure have been recorded in accordance with the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations and taking into account the clarifications made by the European Commission in October. The figures for Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure under category a are allocations based on the proportion of Taxonomyeligible turnover. For reasons connected to the business model the equipment machinery and buildings of the Continental Group are thus used both for Taxonomyeligible activities and for other activities. This applies both to capital expenditure and operating expenditure for assets or processes associated with Taxonomyeligible activities category a. The allocation takes place at group sector level and not according to the individual locations in order to avoid double counting take into account internal business and consolidation effects and reflect the Continental Groups matrix structure. This allocation of turnover thus reflects the distribution of Continentals production. The Platform on Sustainable Finance also recommends such an approach to allocation in its report to the Commission dated October. This states for enabling activities that capital expenditure and operating expenditure should be reported on the basis of their proportion of turnover provided the activities are Taxonomyeligible and that they not do not include activities that are Taxonomynoneligible. 

Score 0.495
. Property Plant and Equipment 

Score 0.488
The table below shows the gross carrying amounts as at December for trade accounts receivable and contract assets whose creditworthiness was not impaired

Score 0.484
Description of sales revenue in industrial and replacement business The type of performance obligations to customers in industrial and replacement business relates to the replacementtire and retail business of the Tires segment the industrial and retail business of the ContiTech segment and the replacementparts and retail business of the Automotive and Contract Manufacturing segments please refer to the information provided on the group sectors in the Structure of the Continental Group section of the consolidated management report. Invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms for most of the sales average days and differ mostly depending on the region andor product group. Payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases with the exception of business with end customers and consumers who often pay in cash or by card. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price as variable price components in line with expectations. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. Revenue is recognized at the point in time when control is transferred to the customer taking into account the agreed incoterms. There are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component. Description of revenue in other business activities Revenue in other business activities is included in the sales of the automotive originalequipment business in the sales of the industrial and replacement business and in other revenues. On the one hand services are provided and on the other project business is conducted in which developments for customers are made goods produced or services provided over a mediumterm or longer period. For this revenue there are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component. The largest component of this revenue relates to revenue from research and development which is recognized at a point in time either when the entire development is completed or when identifiable milestones within a development are reached. Invoices are generally prepared after completion of a milestone or an entire development and acceptance by the customer. Payments are made by bank transfer in most cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. In addition services that are performed alongside the main business also lead to revenue recognition over time though in smaller amounts. Both input and outputbased measurement methods are used and sales are measured either based on the hours or days worked or the costs incurred input or based on the services rendered output. Invoices are generally prepared at least once a month and payments are made by bank transfer in most cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. In addition project business is conducted in which generally customerspecific goods or services are produced or provided for customers over a mediumterm or longer period. Revenue from this is likewise recognized over time and sales are mostly measured using inputbased measurement methods taking account of the costs incurred. Invoices are generally issued as contractually agreed. Advance payments averaging are usually made by the customers before the start of a project. Payments are made by bank transfer in most cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted. Contract assets and contract liabilities Contract assets primarily arise in the project business from customerspecific goods or services for customers but are only of minor significance in the Continental Group. Contract assets must be recognized because the goods or services are provided over a mediumterm or longer period in which goods or services have already been provided by Continental but there is not yet an unconditional right against the customer i.e. a receivable. The right or part of the right to consideration from the customer is often only unconditional once the provision of the services has been completed and can then be recognized as a receivable and invoiced in full. The associated payments are generally made on the basis of actual invoicing. The recognition of receivables and the receipt of payments reduce the associated contract assets. Contract liabilities include mainly advance payments by customers for deliveries of goods and for services to be performed. In the case of these advance payments by customers for deliveries of goods and for services to be performed the customer has already paid the consideration or part of the consideration but Continental has generally not yet satisfied its performance obligation or has done so only to a limited extent. The provision of the corresponding services to the customers by Continental reduces the level of the associated contract liabilities. Research and development expenses Research and development expenses comprise expenditure on research and development and expenses for customerspecific applications prototypes and testing. Where refunds from customers for research and development expenses are agreed these costs are recognized in inventories until control is transferred. Once control is transferred the refund amounts are stated under other income. In addition the expenses are reduced by the amount relating to the application of research results from the development of new or substantially improved products if the related activity fulfills the recognition criteria for internally generated intangible assets set out in IAS Intangible Assets. This portion of the expenses is capitalized as an asset and amortized over a period of three to seven years from the date that the developed products become marketable. However expenses for customerspecific applications preproduction prototypes or tests for products already being marketed do not qualify as development expenditure which may be recognized as an intangible asset. Furthermore expenses incurred directly in connection with the launch of new production operations and plants are recognized directly in profit or loss. 

Score 0.476
 . . . . . . . . . . Selling and logistics expenses

Score 0.462
 Definition allocated business with zerotailpipeemission vehicles comprises all business with products for vehicles transporting goods and people. The business can be allocated via the vehicle manufacturer the vehicle platform or the product specification for example. The data includes both pure business and attributable business such as in the case of combined vehicle platforms. For the Tires ContiTech and Contract Manufacturing group sectors the sales reported at the end of the year were included. In the case of the Automotive group sector a calculation was carried out for passenger cars and light commercial vehicles using internal vehiclespecific planning data for sales and external data for production quantities and for medium and heavy commercial vehicles this was based on the relevant customer portfolio. 

Score 0.457
The carrying amounts of the trade accounts receivable net of loss allowances are their fair values. Please see Note for information on the default risks in relation to trade accounts receivable. The Continental Group uses several programs for the sale of receivables. When the risks and rewards of receivables in particular credit and default risks have mostly not been transferred the receivables are still recognized as assets in the statement of financial position. Under the existing saleofreceivables programs the contractual rights to the receipt of payment inflows have been assigned to the corresponding contractual parties. The transferred receivables have short remaining terms. As a rule therefore the carrying amounts as at the reporting date in the amount of . million PY . million are approximately equivalent to their fair value. The respective liabilities with a carrying amount of . million PY . million represent the liquidation proceeds from the sale of the receivables. As in the previous year this was approximately equivalent to their fair value. The committed financing volume under these saleofreceivables programs amounts to . million PY . million. 

Score 0.444
The expanded interpretation of economic activities classified as Taxonomyeligible in the reporting year likewise led to a significant increase in Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure. A total sum of .million was reported as Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure in the reporting year PY .million equivalent to . of total capital expenditure PY .. The breakdown of Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure by category is shown in the table on page. The information on capital expenditure is prepared in accordance with section.. of Annex to the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations in compliance with IFRS accounting regulations. Information on the Continental Groups total capital expenditure can be found in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in the segment reporting Note of this annual report. The information refers to capital expenditure in the intangible assets Note property plant and equipment Note leases Note and investment property Note presented in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Operating expenditure is defined in accordance with section.. of Annex to the Delegated Regulation on Disclosure Obligations and has been calculated on an imputed basis as described above. For the denominator of the key figure calculation for operating expenditure Continental takes into account direct noncapitalized costs incurred in the reporting year as a result of research and development net building renovation measures shortterm leasing and maintenance and repairs. The expanded interpretation of economic activities classified as Taxonomyeligible in the reporting year likewise led to a significant increase in Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure. A total sum of .million was reported as Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure in the reporting year PY .million equivalent to . of total operating expenditure PY .. The breakdown of Taxonomyeligible operating expenditure by category is shown in the table on page. When determining the Taxonomyeligible capital expenditure and operating expenditure for reasons of materiality the decision was made to forgo separate reporting of investments in individual measures and the acquisition of products from Taxonomyeligible economic activities under category c as well as reporting of the resulting operating expenditure in the reporting year. Continental notes that from its perspective various interpretations with respect to the requirements concerning capital expenditure and operating expenditure particularly for category c and for operating expenditure more generally continue to result in uncertainty when determining Taxonomyrelated information. 

Score 0.44
Revenue recognition Only sales of products and services resulting from the ordinary business activities of the company are shown as sales revenue. In accordance with IFRS Revenue from Contracts with Customers Continental recognizes as revenue from contracts with customers the amount that is received as consideration for the transfer of goods or services to customers. The relevant point in time or period of time is the transfer of control of the goods or services to the customer control approach. To determine when to recognize revenue and at what amount the fivestep model is applied. By applying the fivestep model in the Continental Group to contracts with customers distinct performance obligations are identified. The transaction price is determined and allocated to the performance obligations according to the requirements of IFRS . Variable consideration in contracts with customers such as rebates bonus agreements or other kinds of price concessions is analyzed measured and included in the revenue recognition. The allocation of the transaction price in the case of more than one performance obligation at hand would be performed by using observable prices if possible. Otherwise the allocation would be performed using the adjusted market assessment approach or the approach of cost plus a margin. For every performance obligation that in accordance with IFRS is distinct within the context of the contract the revenue recognition is determined to be at a point in time or to be satisfied over time. Multicomponent contracts that contain distinct performance obligations with different timing of revenue recognition are not currently material. Description of sales revenue in automotive originalequipment business The type of performance obligations to customers in automotive originalequipment business relates to the diverse and predominantly customerspecific products of the Automotive Contract Manufacturing and ContiTech segments and the originalequipment business of the Tires segment please refer to the information provided on the group sectors in the Structure of the Continental Group section of the consolidated management report. Invoices are generally prepared once a month while the payment terms average days and differ mostly depending on the region andor product group. Payments are made by bank transfer in the vast majority of cases. No significant discounts on the invoice amount are granted however customer bonuses and other price reductions are included in the transaction price as variable price components in line with expectations. The customers do not usually make any significant advance payments. Revenue is almost always recognized over time using an outputbased measurement method and sales revenue is measured based on the products that leave the production plant as the products are produced and delivered just in time. There are no significant obligations from the right of customers to return products or from reimbursements to customers or similar obligations or from warranty commitments that include a service component. 

Score 0.438
 millions December December Liabilities on guarantees . . Liabilities on warranties . . Risks from taxation and customs . . Other financial obligations . . Other contingent liabilities . . Contingent liabilities and other financial obligations . . 

Score 0.433
Amounts receivable from related parties related primarily to loans to associates. Loans to third parties related mainly to loans to customers with various maturities and tenant loans for individual properties. Amounts receivable from employees related mainly to preliminary payments for hourly wages and for other advances. In particular other amounts receivable include investment subsidies for research and development expenses not yet utilized and amounts receivable from suppliers. The carrying amounts of the other financial assets are essentially their fair values. Please see Note for information on the default risks in relation to other financial assets. 

Score 0.433
 . . Selling and logistics expenses

Score 0.432
 millions Automotive Tires ContiTech Contract Manufacturing Other Holding Consolidation Continental Group Total assets . . . . . . Cash and cash equivalents . . Short and longterm derivative instruments interestbearing investments . . Other financial assets . . . . . . Less financial assets . . . . . . Less other nonoperating assets . . . . . . Deferred tax assets . . Income tax receivables . . Less income tax assets . . Segment assets . . . . . . Total liabilities and provisions . . . . . . Short and longterm indebtedness . . Other financial liabilities . . Less financial liabilities . . Deferred tax liabilities . . Income tax payables . . Less income tax liabilities . . Less other nonoperating liabilities . . . . . . Segment liabilities . . . . . . Operating assets . . . . . . 

Score 0.429
. Provisions for Other Risks and Obligations 

Score 0.426
New developments for the originalequipment business are not marketable until Continental AG has been nominated as the supplier for the particular vehicle platform or model and furthermore has successfully fulfilled preproduction release stages. Moreover these release stages serve as the prerequisite to demonstrate the technical feasibility of the product especially given the high demands imposed on safety and comfort technology. Accordingly development costs are recognized as an asset only as at the date of nomination as supplier and upon fulfillment of a specific pre production release stage. The development is considered to be completed once the final approval for the unlimited production is granted. Only very few development projects fulfill the recognition criteria. Although suppliers are nominated by original equipment manufacturers with the general obligation to supply products over the entire life of the particular model or platform these supply agreements constitute neither longterm contracts nor firm commitments in particular because the original equipment manufacturers make no commitments in regard to purchase quantities. For this reason all preproduction expenses with the exception of the capitalized development costs as previously described are recognized immediately in profit or loss. Productrelated expenses Costs for advertising sales promotion and other salesrelated items are expensed as incurred. Provisions are recognized for possible warranty claims on sold products on the basis of past experience as well as legal and contractual terms. Additional provisions are recognized for specific known cases. Financial result and investment income Interest income and expenses are recognized for the period to which they relate. Dividends are recognized in profit or loss if legal entitlement to payment of the dividend is established the economic benefit associated with the dividend is likely to be received and the dividend amount can be measured reliably. Earnings per share Basic earnings per share are calculated on the basis of the weighted average number of shares issued. Treasury stock is deducted for the period it is held. Diluted earnings per share also include shares from the potential exercise of option or conversion rights. The corresponding expenses that would no longer be incurred after the conversion or exchange are eliminated. Statement of financial position classification Assets and liabilities are reported as noncurrent assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position if they have a remaining term of over one year and conversely as current assets and liabilities if the remaining term is shorter. Liabilities are treated as current if there is no unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least months after the end of the reporting period. Pension provisions provisions for other postemployment benefits and other employee benefits as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities are accounted for as noncurrent. If assets and liabilities have both current and noncurrent portions the amounts are classified separately and shown as current and noncurrent assets or liabilities. Goodwill Goodwill corresponds to the difference between the acquisition cost and the fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities of the business combination. Goodwill is not subject to amortization it is tested for impairment at least annually and if necessary impaired. The details of the annual impairment test are described under Impairment in this note. Once an impairment loss has been recognized on goodwill it is not reversed in subsequent periods. Intangible assets Purchased intangible assets are carried at acquisition costs and internally generated intangible assets at their production costs provided that the conditions for recognition of an internally generated intangible asset are met in accordance with IAS Intangible Assets. If intangible assets have finite useful lives they are amortized on a straightline basis over a useful life of three to eight years in general. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested at least annually for impairment and if necessary impaired. The details of the annual impairment test are described under Impairment in this note. Property plant and equipment Property plant and equipment is measured at cost less straightline depreciation. If necessary additional impairment is recognized on the affected items. Production cost consists of the direct costs and attributable material and manufacturing overheads including depreciation. Under certain conditions portions of the borrowing costs are capitalized as part of the acquisition cost. This also applies to finance leases and investment property. As soon as an asset is available for its intended use subsequent cost is capitalized only to the extent the related modification changes the function of the asset or increases its economic value and the cost can be clearly identified. All other subsequent expenditure is recognized as current maintenance expense. Property plant and equipment is broken down into the lowest level of the components that have significantly different useful lives and to the extent integrated in other assets when they are likely to be replaced or overhauled during the overall life of the related main asset. Maintenance and repair costs are recognized in profit or loss as incurred. The Continental Group has no property plant or equipment that by the nature of its operation and deployment can be repaired and serviced only in intervals over several years. The useful lives are up to years for buildings and land improvements up to years for technical equipment and machinery and up to years for operating and office equipment. 

Score 0.422
Interest income and expense from financial instruments is reported in the financial result Note . Dividend income from financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income is explained under Income from Investments Note . Collateral As at December a total of . million PY . million of financial assets had been pledged as collateral. In the year under review as in the previous year collateral mainly consisted of trade accounts receivable assigned as collateral for liabilities from saleofreceivables programs. The remainder related to pledged cash or other financial assets. Risk management of financial instruments Due to its international business activities and the resulting financing requirements the Continental Group is exposed to default risks risks from changes in exchanges rates and variable interest rates and liquidity risk. The management of these risks is described in the following sections. In addition hedging instruments are used in the Continental Group. Their use is covered by corporatewide policies adherence to which is regularly reviewed by internal auditors. Internal settlement risks are minimized through the clear segregation of functional areas. Further information about the risks presented below and about risk management can be found in the report on risks and opportunities in the consolidated management report. . Default risks Default risks from trade accounts receivable contract assets or other financial assets include the risk that receivables will be collected late or not at all if a customer or another contractual party does not fulfill its contractual obligations. The total of the positive carrying amounts is equivalent to the maximum default risk of the Continental Group from financial assets. Default risk is influenced mainly by characteristics of the customers and the sector and is therefore analyzed and monitored by central and local credit managers. The responsibilities of the credit management function also include pooled receivables risk management. Contractual partners creditworthiness and payment history are analyzed on a regular basis. Default risk for nonderivative financial receivables is also limited by ensuring that agreements are entered into with partners with proven creditworthiness only or that collateral is provided or in individual cases trade credit insurance is agreed. The Continental Group held an immaterial amount of collateral as at December . There are no trade accounts receivable or contract assets for which an impairment loss was not recognized due to collateral held. However default risk cannot be excluded with absolute certainty and any remaining risk is addressed by recognizing expected credit losses for identified individual risks and on the basis of experience taking account of any relevant future components. Financial assets that are neither past due nor impaired accordingly have a prime credit rating. Default risks are calculated on the basis of corporatewide standards. The methods for calculating loss allowances are described in Note of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Trade accounts receivable and contract assets If the creditworthiness of receivables is impaired corresponding expenses are recognized in an allowance account. Lifetime expected credit losses are largely calculated using estimates and assessments based on the creditworthiness of the respective customer current economic developments and the analysis of historical losses on receivables. The creditworthiness of a customer is assessed on the basis of its payment history and its ability to make payments. It is regularly reviewed whether there is a need to take account of any risks in connection with different customer groups sectors or countries. No such allocation of default risk was required in . Continental calculates the default rates for lifetime expected credit losses based on a threeyear average taking account of the historical defaults allocated to the different periods past due and generally also taking account of a forwardlooking component. Trade accounts receivable and contract assets whose creditworthiness is already impaired are not taken into account when calculating lifetime expected credit losses. There were no significant effects on expected credit losses from the modification of cash flows. 

Score 0.422
In the Automotive segment investments were made at locations in Germany as well as in China Mexico Romania Serbia the USA Czechia Lithuania and Hungary. In particular production capacity was increased in the Safety and Motion User Experience Architecture and Networking and Autonomous Mobility business areas. There were major additions related to the construction of new manufacturing plants for electronic brake systems and innovative display and operating solutions as well as vehicle electronics such as highperformance computers and radar and camera solutions. Investments were made to construct new production sites in Kaunas Lithuania and Novi Sad Serbia. In the Tires segment investments were made to optimize and expand production capacity at existing plants in European bestcost locations and in the USA China Germany Brazil Thailand and Mexico. There were major additions related to the expansion of the production site in Hefei China. Quality assurance and costcutting measures were implemented as well. In the ContiTech segment production capacity was expanded in Germany China the USA Mexico Brazil Hungary and Romania. There were major additions related to the expansion of production capacity in selected growth markets for the Surface Solutions Mobile Fluid Systems Conveying Solutions and Power Transmission Group business areas. In addition investments were made in all business areas to optimize existing production processes. In the Contract Manufacturing segment the capital expenditure was primarily attributable to production equipment for the manufacture of specific products and the implementation of new technologies. The addition to property plant and equipment from changes in the scope of consolidation totaling . million resulted mainly from the acquisition of Printing Solutions Sweden Holding AB Telleborg Sweden. Please see Note . In the previous year the addition to property plant and equipment totaling . million resulted mainly from the acquisition of WCCO Belting LLC Wilmington Delaware USA. Impairment on property plant and equipment resulted in expenses totaling . million of which . million was attributable to cost of sales and . million to administrative expenses. The impairment mainly related to an administration building in the amount of . million and a plant closure in the amount of . million. Impairments were also incurred due to the scrapping of machinery. In addition reversals of impairment losses on property plant and equipment resulted in income of . million within the scope of cost of sales. Government investment grants of . million PY . million were deducted directly from cost. As in the previous year no borrowing costs were capitalized when applying IAS Borrowing Costs. Please see Note for information on reclassifications during the period to assets held for sale. There are restrictions on title and property plant and equipment pledged as security for liabilities in the amount of . million PY . million. Please see Note for information on the rightofuse assets that are recognized under property plant and equipment in accordance with IFRS Leases. 

Score 0.416
agreement in certain cases includes an embedded lease whereby Continental acts as lessee of the production equipment and bears the investment risk. Due to variable lease payments from Continental to Vitesco Technologies which are made according to customer calls for delivery no rightofuse assets or corresponding lease liabilities are recognized. In the fiscal year under review the expenses for variable lease payments due to contract manufacturing amounted to . million PY . million. In connection with contract manufacturing the Continental Group expects future cash outflows from variable lease payments of . million PY . million for the remaining lease terms. Continental Group as lessor The Continental Group acts as lessor in some business relationships. These constitute operating leases as well as finance leases. Whereas for operating leases the Continental Group retains the material risks and rewards incidental to ownership for finance leases these are transferred to the lessee. Operating leases Lease income from operating leases in which the Continental Group acts as lessor amounted to . million PY . million. These related primarily to the subleasing of land and buildings. Future cash inflows resulting from operating leases as at the end of the reporting period are shown in the following table 

Score 0.411
On subsequent remeasurement of a disposal group the carrying amounts of any assets and liabilities that are not within the scope of the measurement requirements of IFRS Noncurrent Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations but are included in a disposal group classified as held for sale shall be remeasured in accordance with the applicable IFRS before the fair value less costs to sell of the disposal group is remeasured. A discontinued operation can also be classified as held for sale under IFRS . A discontinued operation is a component of an entity that either has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale and represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. The classification of a component of an entity as a discontinued operation is also appropriate in the case of classification as held for distribution provided the criteria are met. Financial instruments A financial instrument as defined in IAS Financial Instruments Presentation is a contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity. In the Continental Group a purchase or sale of financial assets or financial liabilities is recognized or derecognized at the settlement date. Financial assets Financial assets are recognized in the statement of financial position as at the date Continental becomes a contractual party to the financial instrument. At the acquisition date they must be classified into measurement categories that determine the subsequent accounting. Receivables from the receivables factoring programs carried out in the Continental Group are recognized in the statement of financial position when the risks and rewards in particular credit and default risk have not been essentially transferred. The repayment obligations therefrom are as a rule then shown as shortterm financial liabilities. The classification and measurement of financial assets that constitute debt instruments is based on the business model in which the assets are managed and on their cash flow characteristics. These conditions are cumulative criteria whose audit sequence is irrelevant. It is therefore necessary to analyze the business model in which the asset to be classified is held. This relates to the investigation of the way in which financial assets held in order to collect cash flows are managed. The Continental Group reclassifies debt instruments if the corresponding business model changes. IFRS Financial Instruments distinguishes between three business models 

Score 0.407
Safe mobility the Research and Development section on pages and of this annual report and in the integrated sustainability report 

Score 0.404
 millions Right of use for land and buildings Right of use for technical equipment and machinery Right of use for other equipment factory and office equipment Total As at January Cost . . . . Accumulated amortization . . . . Book value . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . Additions . . . . Transfers . . . . Disposals . . . . Amortization . . . . Impairment . . . Book value . . . . As at December Cost . . . . Accumulated amortization . . . . Book value . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . Additions . . . . Additions from the firsttime consolidation of subsidiaries . . . . Amounts disposed of through disposal of subsidiaries . . Disposals . . . . Amortization . . . . Impairment

Score 0.403
Technical equipment and machinery Other equipment factory and office equipment Advances to suppliers and assets under construction Total As at January Cost . . . . . Accumulated depreciation . . . . . Book value . . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . . Additions . . . . . Additions from the firsttime consolidation of subsidiaries . . . . . Amounts disposed of through disposal of subsidiaries . . . . Reclassification tofrom assets held for sale . . . Transfers . . . . . Disposals . . . . . Depreciation . . . . Impairment

Score 0.403
December December millions Shortterm Longterm Shortterm Longterm Liabilities to related parties . . Liabilities for selling expenses . . Purchase prices payable on company acquisitions . . Miscellaneous financial liabilities . . . . Other financial liabilities . . . . 

Score 0.402
In accordance with the provisions of IFRS Operating Segments Continental AGs segment reporting is based on the management approach with regard to segment identification under which information regularly provided to the chief operating decisionmaker for decisionmaking purposes is considered decisive. The activities of the Continental Group are divided into the following segments Automotive offers technologies for safety brake chassis motion and motioncontrol systems. Its portfolio also includes innovative solutions for assisted and automated driving display and operating technologies audio and camera solutions for the vehicle interior as well as intelligent information and communication technology associated with the mobility services of fleet operators and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Comprehensive activities relating to vehicle connectivity architecture and electronics as well as highperformance computers and software solutions round off the range of products and services. With its premium portfolio in the car truck bus twowheel and specialty tire segment Tires stands for innovative solutions in tire technology. Intelligent products and services related to tires and the promotion of sustainability complete the portfolio. For specialist dealers and fleet management Tires offers digital tire monitoring and tire management systems in addition to other services with the aim of keeping fleets mobile and increasing their efficiency. With its tires Continental contributes to safe efficient and environmentally friendly mobility. ContiTech focuses on development and materials expertise in products and systems made from rubber plastic metal and textiles which can also be equipped with electronic components to optimize their functionality for custom service applications. ContiTechs industrial growth areas are primarily in energy agriculture and construction as well as interior design. ContiTech also serves the automotive and transportation industries along with the railway engineering sector. The contract manufacturing of products by Continental companies for Vitesco Technologies is consolidated in Contract Manufacturing. This contract manufacturing is not intended to be a permanent situation rather the operational separation of production will continue to be promoted and the volume of contract manufacturing reduced. These segments correspond to the group sectors as defined in the Structure of the Continental Group section of the consolidated management report. Otherholdingconsolidation This comprises centrally managed subsidiaries and affiliates such as holding financing and insurance companies as well as the holding function of Continental AG and certain effects of consolidation. It also contains the effects on earnings of uncertain risks particularly those in connection with contractual and similar claims or obligations representing among other things risks from investments that cannot currently be assigned to the individual operating units. Internal control and reporting within the Continental Group are based on International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS as described in Note . The Continental Group measures the performance of its segments on the basis of their adjusted operating result adjusted EBIT. Their performance is expressed as the return on sales adjusted EBIT divided by adjusted sales and as the return on capital employed ROCE which represents EBIT as a percentage of average operating assets. Intersegment sales and other proceeds are determined at arms length prices. For administrative services performed by centrally operated companies or by the Continental Groups management costs are calculated on an arms length basis in line with utilization. Where direct allocation is not possible costs are assigned according to the services performed. The segment assets comprise the operating assets of the assets side of the statement of financial position as at the end of the reporting period. The segment liabilities show the operating asset parts on the liabilities side of the statement of financial position. Capital expenditure relates to additions to property plant and equipment and software as well as additions to capitalized rightofuse assets in line with IFRS Leases and additions to capitalized borrowing costs in line with IAS Borrowing Costs. Depreciation and amortization include the scheduled diminution of and the impairment on intangible assets property plant and equipment capitalized rightofuse assets and investment properties as well as the impairment on goodwill. This figure does not include impairment on financial investments. Noncash expensesincome mainly include additions to and reversals of pension and warranty provisions as well as provisions for litigation and environmental risks. In the segment information broken down by country and region sales are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective customers in contrast capital expenditure and segment assets are allocated on the basis of the domicile of the respective companies. Viewed across all segments Continental recorded sales totaling . million PY . million with a group of companies under common control in the year under review. In the Continental Group generated of its sales in the USA PY in Germany PY and in China PY . Other than these countries there were no countries in which more than of sales were achieved as was also the case in the previous year. 

Score 0.401
As at December loss allowances for trade accounts receivable whose creditworthiness was impaired amounted to . million PY . million. Of the impaired receivables written down in the reporting period . million PY . million is still subject to enforcement measures. Other financial assets Loss allowances equivalent to the gross carrying amount totaling . million PY . million were recognized for other financial assets whose creditworthiness was impaired. Other month and lifetime expected credit losses on other financial assets are not of significance. Cash and cash equivalents derivative instruments and interestbearing investments In order to minimize the default risk for cash and cash equivalents derivative instruments and interestbearing investments the Continental Group generally uses banks that it has classified as core banks on the basis of defined criteria. As a general rule these banks should have at least one investmentgrade credit rating from one of the global rating agencies. The default risk can therefore be considered very low. The creditworthiness of the core banks and of other banks and other business partners with which investments are made loans are granted or derivative instruments are traded in derogation from the core bank principle for operational or regulatory reasons is continuously monitored by tracking not only their credit ratings but also particularly the premiums for insuring against credit risks credit default swap CDS provided such information is available. In addition the Continental Group sets investment limits for each bank and trading limits for derivative instruments. The amount of these limits is based on the creditworthiness of the respective bank. Compliance with these limits is continuously monitored. As in the previous year expected credit losses from cash and cash equivalents and other interestbearing investments measured at amortized cost as well as assets measured at amortized cost with impaired creditworthiness are not significant. . Currency management The international nature of the Continental Groups business activities results in deliveries and payments in various currencies. Currencyexchange fluctuations involve the risk of losses because assets denominated in currencies with a falling exchange rate lose value while liabilities denominated in currencies with a rising exchange rate become more expensive. For hedging it is allowed to use only derivative instruments that have been defined in corporatewide policies and can be reported and measured in the treasury management system. It is generally not permitted to use financial instruments that do not meet these criteria. 

Score 0.401
The following total personnel expenses are included in function costs in the income statement 

Score 0.19
. Financial Result 

Score 0.351
 millions Interest income . . Interest and similar expenses . . Interest expenses from lease liabilities . . Interest effects from noncurrent liabilities . . Interest effects from longterm employee benefits and from pension funds . . Interest expense . . Effects from currency translation . . Effects from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments . . Other valuation effects . . Effects from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments and other valuation effects . . Financial result . . 

Score 0.292
The negative financial result increased by . million year on year to . million in PY . million. This increase was primarily attributable to the global interest rate trend on the capital markets. Interest income rose by . million yearonyear to . million in PY . million. Interest income in connection with income tax payables accounted for . million of the total PY . million. For details about the higher prioryear value please refer to the comments in the annual report. Interest expense totaled . million in and was thus . million higher than the previous years figure of . million. Interest expense from longterm employee benefits and expected income from longterm employee benefits and from pension funds amounted to a net expense of . million in the reporting year PY . million. These interest effects do not include the interest income from the plan assets of the pension contribution funds or the interest expense from the defined benefit obligations of the pension contribution funds. Interest expense resulting mainly from bank borrowings capital market transactions and other financing instruments was . million PY . million. Interest expense on lease liabilities accounted for . million of this PY . million. Interest expenses in connection with income tax payables amounted to . million PY . million. The bonds issued by Continental AG and ContiGummi Finance B.V. Maastricht Netherlands resulted in expenses of . million PY . million. The increase was primarily due to the issuance of euro bonds by Continental AG. A fiveyear bond with a volume of . million and a fixed interest rate of . p.a. was issued in the fourth quarter of . Two further bonds were issued in a fiveyear bond with a volume of . million in the second quarter of and a threeandahalfyear bond with a volume of . million in the third quarter of both with a fixed interest rate of . p.a. An offsetting effect was attributable to the repayment of a euro bond in the amount of . million with a fixed interest rate of . p.a. in the fourth quarter of . In addition a euro bond in the amount of . million with a fixed interest rate of . p.a. was repaid in the third quarter of . 

Score 0.169
Effects from currency translation resulted in a positive contribution to earnings of . million in the reporting year PY negative contribution to earnings of . million. Effects from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments and other valuation effects resulted in income of . million PY . million. Other valuation effects accounted for . million of this PY . million. Taking into account the sum of the effects from currency translation and changes in the fair value of derivative instruments earnings in were positively impacted by . million PY negatively impacted by . million. A significant contributor to the yearonyear improvement was the development of the Chinese renminbi in relation to the euro. 

Score 0.238
. Hydraulic Brake Systems

Score 0.284
. Safety and Motion . Vehicle Dynamics

Score 0.174
Goodwill millions Dec. Dec. Safety and Motion

Score 0.229
The table below shows the goodwill of each cashgenerating unit CGU in line with the applicable organizational structure in the respective fiscal year 

Score 0.273
. Income Tax Expense 

Score 0.271
The domestic and foreign income tax expense of the Continental Group is as follows 

Score 0.301
Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 

Score 0.234
The addition to goodwill in totaling . million resulted mainly from the acquisition of Printing Solutions Sweden Holding AB Telleborg Sweden. Please see Note . In the previous year the addition to goodwill totaling . million resulted mainly from the acquisition of WCCO Belting LLC Wilmington Delaware USA. The carrying amount of goodwill relates principally to the acquisitions of Siemens VDO Continental Teves the automotive electronics business from Motorola Elektrobit Automotive and Veyance Technologies . No impairment of intangible assets was incurred in the reporting period. 

Score 0.302
 millions Goodwill Capitalized development expenses Other intangible assets Advances to suppliers Total other intangible assets As at January Cost . . . . . Accumulated amortization . . . . . Book value . . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . . Additions . . . . Additions from the firsttime consolidation of subsidiaries . . . Amounts disposed of through disposal of subsidiaries . . Transfers . . . . Disposals . . . . Amortization . . . Impairment . . . Book value . . . . . As at December Cost . . . . . Accumulated amortization . . . . Book value . . . . . Net change in Book value . . . . . Exchangerate changes . . . . . Additions . . . . Additions from the firsttime consolidation of subsidiaries . . . . Amounts disposed of through disposal of subsidiaries . . Transfers . . . . Disposals . . . . Amortization . . . Book value . . . . . As at December Cost . . . . . Accumulated amortization . . . . . Book value . . . . . 

Score 0.165
 millions Current taxes domestic . . Current taxes foreign . . Deferred taxes domestic . . Deferred taxes foreign . . Income tax expense . . 

Score 0.297
. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

Score 0.305
 millions December December. Income tax expense acc. to consolidated statement of income . . Tax income on other comprehensive income . . Remeasurement of defined benefit plans . . Remeasurement of other financial investments . . Investment in equityaccounted investees . . Currency translation . . Total income tax expense . . 

Score 0.241
As in the previous year foreign tax rate differences as well as incentives and tax holidays had positive effects in the year under review. The tax rate was negatively impacted by noncash allowances on deferred tax assets totaling . million PY . million of which . million PY . million was for previous years. Furthermore as in the previous year the tax rate was negatively affected by nondeductible expenses and nonimputable foreign withholding taxes. In the year under review additional tax burdens were incurred from internal restructuring which are reported under Other. Please also refer to Note . As in the previous year the utilization of incentives in Europe Asia and the USA as well as in Brazil and Mexico had a positive impact on the tax rate. In the year under review local income taxes of . million PY . million were incurred with a different tax base. This was attributable primarily to local income taxes in Hungary and the alternative minimum tax in the USA. The effects from the change in enacted tax rate relate to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities due to changes in the law already taking effect with regard to future applicable tax rates. The following table shows the total income tax expense also including the items reported under reserves recognized directly in equity 

Score 0.185
The following table shows the reconciliation of the expected tax expense to the reported tax expense

Score 0.084
 millions Earnings before tax . . Nontaxdeductible impairment of goodwill

Score 0.208
 . Earnings before tax and impairment of goodwill . . Expected tax expense at the domestic tax rate . . Foreign tax rate differences . . Nondeductible expenses and nonimputable withholding taxes . . Incentives and tax holidays . . Nonrecognition of deferred tax assets unlikely to be realized . . Initial recognition of deferred tax assets likely to be realized . . Realization of previously nonrecognized deferred taxes . . Local income tax with different tax base . . Taxes for previous years . . Effects from changes in enacted tax rate . . Other . . Income tax expense . . Effective tax rate in . . In the previous year earnings before tax were not adjusted for the goodwill impairment in the amount of . million. A portion totaling . million resulted in the reversal of deferred tax liabilities and therefore must be excluded from the reconciliation. 

Score 0.193
The average domestic tax rate in was . PY .. This took into account a corporate tax rate of . PY . a solidarity surcharge of . PY . and a trade tax rate of . PY .. The reduction in the tax expense from foreign tax rate differences primarily reflects the volume of activities in Asia and Eastern Europe. 

Score 0.362
. Personnel Expenses 

Score 0.268
With regard to the development of investments in equityaccounted investees please refer to Note . 

Score 0.339
Transaction price for performance obligations not yet satisfied The table below shows the aggregated anticipated amounts of transaction prices for performance obligations not yet satisfied or only partly satisfied from contracts as defined in IFRS with a term of more than one year. 

Score 0.286
. . . . . . Income from research and development . . . . Research and development expenses net

Score 0.374
 millions Automotive Tires ContiTech Contract Manufacturing Consolidation Continental Group Research and development expenses . . . . . . Income from research and development . . . . Research and development expenses net . . . . . . millions Automotive Tires ContiTech Contract Manufacturing Consolidation Continental Group Research and development expenses

Score 0.244
The expenses and income from research and development are shown in the two tables below. The research and development expenses include government grants totaling . million PY . million. 

Score 0.282
. Research and Development Expenses 

Score 0.398
The amounts relate chiefly to future income from research and development whereby the revenue is expected to be recognized within the periods shown. For contracts as defined in IFRS with a term of less than one year the practical expedient under IFRS . a is applied and no amounts are shown. Use of other practical expedients For contracts for which the time interval between the provision of the service by Continental and the expected payment by the customer comes to less than one year as at the start of the contract the practical expedient from IFRS . is applied and the transaction price is not adjusted for any significant financing components contained. 

Score 0.148
 millions onward Income from research and development . . Other revenues . . Total . . 

Score 0.296
Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Income 

Score 0.343
. Other Income and Expenses 

Score 0.326
The total revenue from contracts with customers in accordance with IFRS Revenue from Contracts with Customers amounted to . million PY . million of which . million PY . million is recognized under other income and stems mainly from income from research and development. Of the contract liabilities of . million accounted for at the beginning of the year . million was recognized as revenue in the reporting year. Revenue of . million PY . million for performance obligations satisfied in the previous year was recognized in the reporting year due to transaction price changes. 

Score 0.096
Sales from January to December 

Score 0.29
 millions Automotive Tires ContiTech Contract Manufacturing Other Holding Consolidation Continental Group Germany . . . . . . Europe excluding Germany . . . . . . North America . . . . . . AsiaPacific . . . . . . Other countries . . . . . . Sales by region . . . . . . Automotive originalequipment business . . . . . . Industrialreplacement business . . . . . . Sales by customer type . . . . . . Goods . . . . . . Services . . . . . . Project business . . . . Sales by product type . . . . . . 

Score 0.292
The following tables show the breakdown of sales in accordance with IFRS Revenue from Contracts with Customers into main geographical markets segments customer groups and product types Sales from January to December 

Score 0.3
Disposal of companies and business operations In fiscal all Russian operations in the Automotive and Tires segments as well as some Russian operations in the ContiTech segment were sold. The sales price totaled . million and was paid in cash up to an outstanding purchase price receivable of . million. The carrying amounts of outgoing net assets amounted to . million . million of which are cash and cash equivalents. The entire transaction resulted in expenses of . million. In the Tires segment the sale of an equityaccounted investee resulted in a loss of . million. Other than this there was no material effect on the earnings financial and net assets position of the Continental Group as at December . 

Score 0.237
Fair value at date of firsttime consolidation Acquired net assets in millions Printing Solutions Other Other intangible assets . . Property plant and equipment . . Other investments . Deferred tax assets . Longterm other financial assets . inventories . . Trade accounts receivable . . Shortterm other financial assets . Shortterm other assets . . Income tax receivables . . Cash and cash equivalents . . Longterm employee benefits . Deferred tax liabilities . . Longterm provisions for other risks and obligations . Longterm indebtedness . Longterm other liabilities . Shortterm employee benefits . . Trade accounts payable . . Shortterm contract liabilities . Income tax payables . Shortterm provisions for other risks and obligations . Shortterm indebtedness . Shortterm other financial liabilities . Shortterm other liabilities . . Purchased net assets . . Consideration transferred . . Goodwill . 

Score 0.335
. . . . . . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. The assignment of income and expenses from certain business activities within the functional areas has been adjusted. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.125
 millions Other income

Score 0.282
 millions Share of earnings from equityaccounted investees . . Reversal of impairment losses from equityaccounted investees . Income from equityaccounted investees . . Other income from investments . . 

Score 0.327
 millions Expenses from currency translation . . Expenses in connection with litigation and environmental risks . . Expenses from the disposal of companies and business operations . . Expenses from impairment on financial assets and contract assets . . Compensation to customers and suppliers . . Expenses from other taxes . . Expenses from customer tooling . . Expenses from transactions with related parties . . Expenses from provisions for pending losses

Score 0.196
. Income from Investments 

Score 0.329
Compared with the reporting year personnel expenses increased by . million to . million PY . million.The average number of employees in was PY . As at the end of the year there were PY employees in the Continental Group. The yearonyear increase in personnel expenses was mainly due to higher wages and salaries and the creation of personnelrelated provisions for restructuring measures. Social security contributions of the companies of the Continental Group employer contributions amounted to . million in the reporting year PY . million. 

Score 0.207
 millions Wages and salaries . . Social security contributions . . Pension and postemployment benefit costs . . Personnel expenses . . 

Score 0.373
Other expenses decreased by . million to . million PY . million in the reporting period. In the year under review expenses of . million PY . million were incurred as a result of currency translation from operating receivables and liabilities in foreign currencies not classified as indebtedness. No impairment on goodwill was incurred in the reporting period PY . million. The Other item includes in particular legal costs in connection with investigations by the public prosecutors office into the suspected development and use of illegal defeat devices in diesel and gasoline engines of multiple automotive manufacturers external expenses from moving machinery between various company locations expenses in connection with the acquisition of Printing Solutions Sweden Holding AB Trelleborg Sweden and costs for damage due to force majeure. 

Score 0.29
. . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly.

Score 0.327
. . Losses on the disposal of property plant and equipment and from scrapping . . Impairment on goodwill . Other

Score 0.347
Other expenses 

Score 0.336
. . Other expenses

Score 0.356
Other income decreased by . million to . million PY . million in the reporting period. The income from other ancillary business results primarily from revenues from licensing and franchising agreements the sale of recyclable materials and other ancillary business. The Other item mainly includes income from insurance compensation due to damage to property plant and equipment caused by force majeure. In addition government grants amounting to . million PY . million that were not intended for investments in noncurrent assets were received and recognized in profit or loss in the Other item. 

Score 0.338
. . Income from the disposal of companies and business operations . . Other

Score 0.278
 millions Income from research and development . . Compensation from customers and suppliers . . Income in connection with litigation and environmental risks . . Income from other ancillary business . . Income from the reversal of impairment on financial assets and contract assets . . Income from the reimbursement of customer tooling expenses . . Income from the disposal of property plant and equipment . . Income from transactions with related parties . . Income from other taxes . Income from the reversal of provisions for pending losses

Score 0.232
Other income 

Score 0.29
. . In the year under review the presentation of income and expenses in connection with specific warranties restructuring measures severance payments as well as impairment and reversal of impairment losses on intangible assets and property plant and equipment was changed. They are now assigned to the relevant functional areas. The comparative period has been adjusted accordingly. 

Score 0.341
. . Other income and expenses

Score 0.106
. Passive Safety and Sensorics

Score 0.097
 millions Land landrights andbuildings

Score 0.38
. Continental Engineering Services

Score 0.368
December December millions Shortterm Longterm Shortterm Longterm Amounts receivable from related parties . . Loans to third parties . . Amounts receivable from employees . . Other amounts receivable . . . . Other financial assets . . . . 

Score 0.277
Writedowns recognized on inventories increased by . million to . million PY . million. 

Score 0.331
 millions December December Raw materials and supplies . . Work in progress . . Finished goods and merchandise . . Inventories . . 

Score 0.335
. Inventories 

Score 0.327
The tax refund claims primarily resulted from VAT receivables from the purchase of production materials. The trade accounts receivable from the sale of customer tools related to costs that have not yet been invoiced.In particular prepaid expenses include license fees as well as rent and maintenance services paid for in advance. Among other things the Other item includes other advanced costs as well as assets from related parties. Impairment totaling . million PY . million was recognized for the probable default risk on other assets. 

Score 0.396
December December millions Shortterm Longterm Shortterm Longterm Trade accounts receivable from the sale of customer tools . . Tax refund claims incl. VAT and other taxes . . Prepaid expenses . . Other . . . . Other assets . . . . 

Score 0.293
. Other Assets 

Score 0.318
. Other Financial Assets 

Score 0.157
. Deferred Taxes 

Score 0.216
The temporary differences from retained earnings of foreign companies amounted to a total of . million PY . million. Deferred tax liabilities were not taken into account since remittance to the parent company is not planned in the short or medium term. 

Score 0.209
Of the deferred tax assets deemed unusable tax losses and interest carried forward of . million PY . million can be used indefinitely . million PY . million expire within the next years and . million PY . million expire in more than years. Of the deferred tax assets on allowable tax credits deemed unusable . million PY . million can be used indefinitely . million PY . million expire within the next years and . million PY expire in more than years. Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences can be used indefinitely. As at December some Continental Group companies and tax groups that reported a loss in the current or previous year recognized total deferred tax assets of . million PY . million which arose from current losses tax losses carried forward and a surplus of deferred tax assets. Given that future taxable income is expected it is sufficiently probable that these deferred tax assets can be realized. 

Score 0.234
 millions December December Temporary differences . . Tax losses carried forward and limitation of interest deduction . . Allowable tax credits . . Total of all items for which no deferred tax assets were recognized . . 

Score 0.263
Deferred taxes are measured in accordance with IAS Income Taxes at the tax rate applicable for the periods in which they are expected to be realized. Since there has been a limit on the deductible interest that can be carried forward in Germany the amount deductible under tax law is limited to of taxable income before depreciation amortization and interest. Deferred tax assets were up . million at . million PY . million. This was primarily attributable to an increase in deferred tax assets on other intangible assets employee benefits and tax losses carried forward. Deferred tax liabilities increased by . million yearonyear to . million PY . million. As at December the consolidated tax losses carried forward in Germany and abroad amounted to . million PY . million. The majority of the Continental Groups tax losses carried forward relate to foreign subsidiaries and are largely unlimited in terms of the time period for which they can be carried forward. Deferred tax assets were not recognized in relation to the following items because it is currently not deemed sufficiently likely that they will be utilized 

Score 0.289
Dec. Dec. millions Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Net Recognized in profit or loss Changes in the scope of consolidation Recognized in other comprehensive income Net Other intangible assets and goodwill . . . . . . . Property plant and equipment . . . . . . inventories . . . . . . Other assets . . . . . . Employee benefits less defined benefit assets . . . . . . Provisions for other risks and obligations . . . . . . Indebtedness and other financial liabilities . . . . . . Other differences . . . . . . Allowable tax credits . . . . . Tax losses carried forward and limitation of interest deduction . . . . . . Deferred taxes before offsetting . . . . . . . Offsetting IAS . . . Net deferred taxes . . . . 