Scores_e_WATER SUPPLY; SEWERAGE, WASTE MANAGEMENT AND REMEDIATION ACTIVITIESScore 0.692
at our production facilities we endeavor to use wate r several times and to recycle it.  all wastewater is subject to thorough checks b efore it is discharged into the various disposal channels.  all our industrial and mixed wastewater is purified in wastewater trea tment plants bayer or thirdparty facilities where necessary categorized as environmen tally safe according to official provis ions and returned to the natural water cycle.  the total quantity of industrial and mixed wastewater cam e in at million cubic meters in and was thus .  higher than the previous year million cubic meters

Score 0.691
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t .  renewal of waste water collection and treatment .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light c o m m e r c i a l v e h i c l e s .  renovation of existing buildings .  installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency e q u i p m e n t

Score 0.677
of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nelrenewal of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  .  el nel nel nel nel neltransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm

Score 0.675
of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t .  renewal of waste water collection and treatment .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light c o m m e r c i a l v e h i c l e s .  renovation of existing buildings

Score 0.673
it can be returned to the water cycle in line with the relevant official permits.  at our production facilities we endeavor to use wate r several times and to recycle it.  all wastewater is subject to thorough checks b efore it is discharged into the various disposal channels.  all our industrial and mixed wastewater is purified in wastewater trea tment plants bayer or thirdparty facilities where necessary categorized as environmen tally safe according to official provis ions and returned to the natural water cycle.  the total quantity of industrial and mixed wastewater cam e in at million cubic meters in and was thus

Score 0.672
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nelrenewal of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  .  el nel nel nel nel neltransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .

Score 0.67
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t .  renewal of waste water collection and treatment

Score 0.668
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nelrenewal of waste water collection and treatment ccm

Score 0.644
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nelrenewal of waste water collection and treatment ccm .

Score 0.638
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t .  renewal of waste water collection and treatment .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light c o m m e r c i a l v e h i c l e s

Score 0.602
taxonomy capex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code capexproportionof capexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm

Score 0.597
capexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t

Score 0.591
el nel nel nel nel nelrenewal of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  .  el nel nel nel nel neltransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .  .  el nel nel nel nel nelrenovation of existing buildings ccm

Score 0.57
the total quantity of waste generated rose to metric tons in metric tons mainly due to increased production at the dormagen site in germany and the completion of construction work at the leverkusen site in germany.  the volume of hazardous waste rose by .  to metric tons metric tons due to the increase in production at the dormagen site.  the volume of hazardous waste from production in this figure including hazardous waste from wastewater treatment plants also increased against the prior year rising from metric tons to metric tons.  process and plant safety we aim to design and operate our pro cesses and production facilities in su ch a way that they do not pose any inappropriate risks to employees the environm ent or neighboring communities

Score 0.566
all wastewater is subject to thorough checks b efore it is discharged into the various disposal channels.  all our industrial and mixed wastewater is purified in wastewater trea tment plants bayer or thirdparty facilities where necessary categorized as environmen tally safe according to official provis ions and returned to the natural water cycle.  the total quantity of industrial and mixed wastewater cam e in at million cubic meters in and was thus .  higher than the previous year million cubic meters.  bayer annual report a combined management report

Score 0.559
all our industrial and mixed wastewater is purified in wastewater trea tment plants bayer or thirdparty facilities where necessary categorized as environmen tally safe according to official provis ions and returned to the natural water cycle.  the total quantity of industrial and mixed wastewater cam e in at million cubic meters in and was thus .  higher than the previous year million cubic meters.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety waste and recycling we aim to minimize material consumption and dispos al volumes through systematic waste management

Score 0.559
the volume of hazardous waste from production in this figure including hazardous waste from wastewater treatment plants also increased against the prior year rising from metric tons to metric tons.  process and plant safety we aim to design and operate our pro cesses and production facilities in su ch a way that they do not pose any inappropriate risks to employees the environm ent or neighboring communities.  we are working to further develop our safety culture and the expertise of our employees.  principles of process and plant safety are laid out in our globally applicable corporate policies.  compliance with internal and external safety regulations is verifi ed in internal audits

Score 0.554
the volume of hazardous waste rose by .  to metric tons metric tons due to the increase in production at the dormagen site.  the volume of hazardous waste from production in this figure including hazardous waste from wastewater treatment plants also increased against the prior year rising from metric tons to metric tons.  process and plant safety we aim to design and operate our pro cesses and production facilities in su ch a way that they do not pose any inappropriate risks to employees the environm ent or neighboring communities.  we are working to further develop our safety culture and the expertise of our employees

Score 0.538
process safety incident rate psir .  . environmental protection total energy consumption terajoules scope and greenhouse gas emissions million metric tons of co equivalents .  . water use million cubic meters

Score 0.532
turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of turnover per environmental objective proportion of turnovertotal turnover aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc

Score 0.528
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a

Score 0.528
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.526
turnovercategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.521
renewal of waste water collection and treatment .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light c o m m e r c i a l v e h i c l e s .  renovation of existing buildings .  installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency e q u i p m e n t .  installation maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings

Score 0.519
environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy opex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea.  opexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.518
.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  .

Score 0.518
taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of turnover per environmental objective proportion of turnovertotal turnover aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc . biodiversity and ecosystems bio reporting on capital expenditure capital expenditure in comprised investments in tangible and intang ible assets before depreciation amortization impairments and remeasurements.  also incl uded were investments in tangible and intangible assets due to business combinations.  for fu rther details see notes and

Score 0.515
environmental protection and safety waste and recycling we aim to minimize material consumption and dispos al volumes through systematic waste management.  in accordance with bayers corporate policies all production sites are required to prevent reduce and recycle waste and to dispose of it safely and in line with go od environmental practices.  the total quantity of waste generated rose to metric tons in metric tons mainly due to increased production at the dormagen site in germany and the completion of construction work at the leverkusen site in germany.  the volume of hazardous waste rose by .  to metric tons metric tons due to the increase in production at the dormagen site

Score 0.514
the total quantity of industrial and mixed wastewater cam e in at million cubic meters in and was thus .  higher than the previous year million cubic meters.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety waste and recycling we aim to minimize material consumption and dispos al volumes through systematic waste management.  in accordance with bayers corporate policies all production sites are required to prevent reduce and recycle waste and to dispose of it safely and in line with go od environmental practices

Score 0.511
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a

Score 0.51
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities total a

Score 0.509
environmental protection and safety the total operating expenditure identi fied as being taxonomyeligible an d taxonomyaligned is shown in the following table a .  taxonomy opex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code opexproportionof opexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.508
we focus on all stages of the product cy cle from manufacturing to safe use and disposal.  at our production sites around the world regulatory authorities and external assessors monitor compliance with wastewater thresholds.  internal experts also perf orm corresponding audits of the production sites at regular intervals.  we take appropriate action in our production facilities to avoid or reduce emissions from production such as the release of active ingredients into the environment.  alongside the regulatory standards such action also comes in the form of ou r own more farreaching en vironmental standards for instance as outlined in our corpor ate policies

Score 0.507
to metric tons metric tons due to the increase in production at the dormagen site.  the volume of hazardous waste from production in this figure including hazardous waste from wastewater treatment plants also increased against the prior year rising from metric tons to metric tons.  process and plant safety we aim to design and operate our pro cesses and production facilities in su ch a way that they do not pose any inappropriate risks to employees the environm ent or neighboring communities.  we are working to further develop our safety culture and the expertise of our employees.  principles of process and plant safety are laid out in our globally applicable corporate policies

Score 0.506
environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy capex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea. capexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.505
renovation of existing buildings .  installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency e q u i p m e n t .  installation maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings .  acquisition and ownership of buildings .  manufacture of medicinal products capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.502
environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy turnover reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea. turnovercategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.502
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a

Score 0.501
of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  b

Score 0.498
installation maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings .  acquisition and ownership of buildings .  manufacture of medicinal products capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  . capex of taxon omyeligible activities a

Score 0.495
oreligiblea. turnovercategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.494
.  nel nel nel el nel nelturnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  .  .  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.493
continued taxonomy opex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea.  opexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.493
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a

Score 0.492
.  nel nel nel el nel nelcapex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  .  .

Score 0.491
and the associated logistics oper ations scope . .  emissions in the nonsbtrelevant categories scope .  .  and

Score 0.489
.  .  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.

Score 0.489
taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy opex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda

Score 0.489
environmental protection and safety the total sales identified as being taxonomye ligible and taxonomyaligned are shown in the following table a .  taxonomy turnover reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code turnoverproportionof turnoverclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.488
in accordance with bayers corporate policies all production sites are required to prevent reduce and recycle waste and to dispose of it safely and in line with go od environmental practices.  the total quantity of waste generated rose to metric tons in metric tons mainly due to increased production at the dormagen site in germany and the completion of construction work at the leverkusen site in germany.  the volume of hazardous waste rose by .  to metric tons metric tons due to the increase in production at the dormagen site.  the volume of hazardous waste from production in this figure including hazardous waste from wastewater treatment plants also increased against the prior year rising from metric tons to metric tons

Score 0.488
of all water used by bayer is cooling water that is only heated in the process and does not come into contact with products.  it can be returned to the water cycle in line with the relevant official permits.  at our production facilities we endeavor to use wate r several times and to recycle it.  all wastewater is subject to thorough checks b efore it is discharged into the various disposal channels.  all our industrial and mixed wastewater is purified in wastewater trea tment plants bayer or thirdparty facilities where necessary categorized as environmen tally safe according to official provis ions and returned to the natural water cycle

Score 0.488
taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of opex per environmental objective proportion of opextotal opex aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc .  biodiversity and ecosystems bio bayer annual report a combined management report.  overview of business performance .  report on economic position

Score 0.486
taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy turnover reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda

Score 0.486
environmental protection provisions for environmental prot ection are mainly established for the expected costs of ensuring compliance with environmental regula tions remediation work on cont aminated land recultivation of landfills and redevelopment and water protection measures.  restructuring provisions for restructuring only cover expenses th at arise directly from re structuring measures are necessary for restructuring and are not related to future business operations.  such expenses include severance payments to employees and compensation payments in respect of rented property that is no longer used.  restructuring measures may include the sale or termin ation of business units site closures relocations of business activities or fundamental reorganizations of business units.  provisions for restructuring included million million for severance payments and million million for oth er restructuring expenses

Score 0.486
in addition we also report on other nonfinancial aspects.  for we are required to disclose the proportion of turnover sales capital expenditur e capex and operating expenditure opex in the reporting period that is eu taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with regard to the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation.  for the four additional environmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems by contrast we are only required to disclose taxonomyeligible turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  company activities are assessed for taxonomy eligibility based on the economic activities described in annexes i and ii to the delegated act of june and annexes i through iv to the delegated act of june .  to avoid doublecounting results ar e documented for example at product master data level

Score 0.485
a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of turnover per environmental objective proportion of turnovertotal turnover aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc . biodiversity and ecosystems bio reporting on capital expenditure capital expenditure in comprised investments in tangible and intang ible assets before depreciation amortization impairments and remeasurements

Score 0.485
taxonomy opex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code opexproportionof opexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelmanufacture of medicinal products ppc

Score 0.482
opex of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of opex per environmental objective proportion of opextotal opex aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc

Score 0.482
nel nel nel el nel nelturnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  .  .  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a

Score 0.481
continued taxonomy turnover reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea. turnovercategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.48
bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety the total operating expenditure identi fied as being taxonomyeligible an d taxonomyaligned is shown in the following table a .  taxonomy opex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code opexproportionof opexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.479
taxonomy turnover reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code turnoverproportionof turnoverclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelmanufacture of medicinal products ppc

Score 0.478
installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency e q u i p m e n t .  installation maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings .  acquisition and ownership of buildings .  manufacture of medicinal products capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.

Score 0.478
taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy capex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda

Score 0.477
. environmental protection total energy consumption terajoules scope and greenhouse gas emissions million metric tons of co equivalents .  . water use million cubic meters .

Score 0.477
climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc . biodiversity and ecosystems bio reporting on operating expenditure our operating expenditure with respect to resear ch and development shortterm leasing and maintenance and repair amounted to million in million.  taxonomyeligible operating expend iture amounted to million million and taxonomynoneligible operating expenditure amounted to million million.  the proportion of taxonomyeligible operating expend iture therefore came to .

Score 0.476
continued taxonomy capex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea. capexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.475
product stewardship a .  environmental protection and safety employeerelated aspects a .  sustainability management a .  commitment to employees a .  procurement and supplier management a

Score 0.474
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelmanufacture of medicinal products ppc .  .  nel nel nel el nel nelturnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.473
for the four additional environmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems by contrast we are only required to disclose taxonomyeligible turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  company activities are assessed for taxonomy eligibility based on the economic activities described in annexes i and ii to the delegated act of june and annexes i through iv to the delegated act of june .  to avoid doublecounting results ar e documented for example at product master data level.  taxonomy alignment is evaluated based on the technical screening criteria for each economic activity which are also defined in the aforementioned annexes.  we use our own interpretation when applying the eu taxonomy as definitions are not yet available and the wording used is unclear

Score 0.468
help us to realize our mission of health for all hunger for none.  in addition we also report on other nonfinancial aspects.  for we are required to disclose the proportion of turnover sales capital expenditur e capex and operating expenditure opex in the reporting period that is eu taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with regard to the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation.  for the four additional environmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems by contrast we are only required to disclose taxonomyeligible turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  company activities are assessed for taxonomy eligibility based on the economic activities described in annexes i and ii to the delegated act of june and annexes i through iv to the delegated act of june

Score 0.466
these reimburs ement claims primarily related to product liability.  environmental protection provisions for environmental prot ection are mainly established for the expected costs of ensuring compliance with environmental regula tions remediation work on cont aminated land recultivation of landfills and redevelopment and water protection measures.  restructuring provisions for restructuring only cover expenses th at arise directly from re structuring measures are necessary for restructuring and are not related to future business operations.  such expenses include severance payments to employees and compensation payments in respect of rented property that is no longer used.  restructuring measures may include the sale or termin ation of business units site closures relocations of business activities or fundamental reorganizations of business units

Score 0.464
at our production sites around the world regulatory authorities and external assessors monitor compliance with wastewater thresholds.  internal experts also perf orm corresponding audits of the production sites at regular intervals.  we take appropriate action in our production facilities to avoid or reduce emissions from production such as the release of active ingredients into the environment.  alongside the regulatory standards such action also comes in the form of ou r own more farreaching en vironmental standards for instance as outlined in our corpor ate policies.  we are also working to develop further effective risk minimization measures in va rious research projects

Score 0.462
.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report

Score 0.461
due to the simplified reporting requirements for with respect to the four environmental objectives to be applied for the first time there is no taxonomyaligned operating expenditure to disclose.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety the total operating expenditure identi fied as being taxonomyeligible an d taxonomyaligned is shown in the following table a .  taxonomy opex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code opexproportionof opexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.461
acquisition and ownership of buildings .  manufacture of medicinal products capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  . capex of taxon omyeligible activities a. a

Score 0.46
.  of the combined management report tables a.  taxonomy turnover reporting a.  proportion of turnover per environmental objective a.  taxonomy capex reporting a

Score 0.459
water we use water resources as sparingly as possible an d are endeavoring to further reduce emissions into water.  all relevant sites in areas identified as being threatened by water scarcity through have a water management system in place.  total water use in remained le vel year on year at million cubic meters million cubic meters.  .  of all water used by bayer is cooling water that is only heated in the process and does not come into contact with products

Score 0.459
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of opex per environmental objective proportion of opextotal opex aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc .  biodiversity and ecosystems bio bayer annual report a combined management report.  overview of business performance

Score 0.458
for we are required to disclose the proportion of turnover sales capital expenditur e capex and operating expenditure opex in the reporting period that is eu taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with regard to the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation.  for the four additional environmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems by contrast we are only required to disclose taxonomyeligible turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  company activities are assessed for taxonomy eligibility based on the economic activities described in annexes i and ii to the delegated act of june and annexes i through iv to the delegated act of june .  to avoid doublecounting results ar e documented for example at product master data level.  taxonomy alignment is evaluated based on the technical screening criteria for each economic activity which are also defined in the aforementioned annexes

Score 0.458
g.  active ingredients and their degradation products into the environment or where these are unavoidable to minimize the risks they harbor.  we focus on all stages of the product cy cle from manufacturing to safe use and disposal.  at our production sites around the world regulatory authorities and external assessors monitor compliance with wastewater thresholds.  internal experts also perf orm corresponding audits of the production sites at regular intervals

Score 0.457
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelmanufacture of medicinal products ppc .  .  nel nel nel el nel nelopex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.457
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of turnover per environmental objective proportion of turnovertotal turnover aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc . biodiversity and ecosystems bio reporting on capital expenditure capital expenditure in comprised investments in tangible and intang ible assets before depreciation amortization impairments and remeasurements.  also incl uded were investments in tangible and intangible assets due to business combinations

Score 0.456
taxonomy opex reporting and a.  proportion of opex per environmental objective contained in section .  of the combined management report including the statements made in the footnotes as well as the statements made in the eu taxonomy subsection the statements made on the subject of scope emissions in table a .  greenhouse gas emissions contained in section .  of the combin ed management report as well as the related statements the statements made on th e appropriateness and operating effectivene ss of internal control ic and the risk management system rms in accordance with recommendation a

Score 0.456
a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of opex per environmental objective proportion of opextotal opex aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc .  biodiversity and ecosystems bio bayer annual report a combined management report

Score 0.456
bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety the total sales identified as being taxonomye ligible and taxonomyaligned are shown in the following table a .  taxonomy turnover reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code turnoverproportionof turnoverclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a

Score 0.455
environmental protection and safety the total capital expenditure identified as being ta xonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned is shown in the following table a .  taxonomy capex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code capexproportionof capexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.453
significant factors in estimating the costs includ e previous experiences in similar cas es expert opinions current costs and new developments affecting costs managements inte rpretation of current en vironmental regulations the financial position of third parties that may become obligated to participate in any remediation costs on the basis of joint liability and the remediation methods likely to be depl oyed.  changes in these assumptions could impact future reported results of the group.  taking into consideration the experience gained to date and the knowledge and circumstances as of the closing da te provisions are believed to be adequate.  however material addition al costs could be incurred beyond the amounts accrued that result in additional expenses in subsequent periods.  provisions for employee termination benefits are established where the amounts of severance payments additional pension plan modules to be granted or oth er benefits can be reliably estimated

Score 0.451
.  help us to realize our mission of health for all hunger for none.  in addition we also report on other nonfinancial aspects.  for we are required to disclose the proportion of turnover sales capital expenditur e capex and operating expenditure opex in the reporting period that is eu taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with regard to the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation.  for the four additional environmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems by contrast we are only required to disclose taxonomyeligible turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure

Score 0.45
purchased goods and services .  capital goods .  fuel and energyrelated activities .  upstream transportation and distribution and .  business travel

Score 0.449
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal products opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities total a

Score 0.449
oreligiblea.  opexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.448
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelmanufacture of medicinal products ppc .

Score 0.448
environmental protection and safety employeerelated aspects a .  sustainability management a .  commitment to employees a .  procurement and supplier management a .  environmental protection and safety social aspects a

Score 0.447
environmental protection and safety .  report on economic position .  overview of business performance . .  economic position and target attainment

Score 0.445
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal products opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.445
oreligiblea. capexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.444
environmental protection and safety the taxonomyeligible capital expendit ure is determined by linking the capital expenditure undertaken with the taxonomyeligible products category a.  capital ex penditure that cannot be clearly assigned is taken into consideration on the basis of allocation keys.  capital expenditures for the purchase of products from taxonomyeligible economi c activities or individual measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions category c are also incl uded in this figure.  as explained in the previous sect ion no taxonomy alignment review was undertaken in for the economic activity manufacture of medi cinal products.  furthermore at present there is no process for reliably verifying the acquisition of taxonomyaligned products in category c

Score 0.443
.  due to the simplified reporting requirements for with respect to the four environmental objectives to be applied for the first time there is no taxonomyaligned operating expenditure to disclose.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety the total operating expenditure identi fied as being taxonomyeligible an d taxonomyaligned is shown in the following table a .  taxonomy opex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code opexproportionof opexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela

Score 0.442
of the combined management report tables a.  taxonomy turnover reporting a.  proportion of turnover per environmental objective a.  taxonomy capex reporting a.  proportion of capex per environmental objective a