Scores_c_MANUFACTURINGScore 0.537
environmental protection and safety the taxonomyeligible capital expendit ure is determined by linking the capital expenditure undertaken with the taxonomyeligible products category a.  capital ex penditure that cannot be clearly assigned is taken into consideration on the basis of allocation keys.  capital expenditures for the purchase of products from taxonomyeligible economi c activities or individual measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions category c are also incl uded in this figure.  as explained in the previous sect ion no taxonomy alignment review was undertaken in for the economic activity manufacture of medi cinal products.  furthermore at present there is no process for reliably verifying the acquisition of taxonomyaligned products in category c

Score 0.531
in addition to complying with legal regulations we have implemented supplementary standards and requirements that are defined in corp orate policies.  this ensures that our materials are handled and transported in accordance wi th their respective potential haza rds and applicable regulations.  there were transp ort incidents in primarily involving ro ad transport accidents.  we define transport incidents as accide nts that cause personal injury or significant damage to property environmental impact resulting from the release of substances or leakage of hazardous goods.  safe and healthpromoting working conditions protecting the health of our workfor ce and the employees of contractual partners who work on our factory premises is our top priority

Score 0.53
of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t .  renewal of waste water collection and treatment .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light c o m m e r c i a l v e h i c l e s .  renovation of existing buildings

Score 0.519
of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  b

Score 0.517
process safety incident rate psir .  . environmental protection total energy consumption terajoules scope and greenhouse gas emissions million metric tons of co equivalents .  . water use million cubic meters

Score 0.516
this ensures that our materials are handled and transported in accordance wi th their respective potential haza rds and applicable regulations.  there were transp ort incidents in primarily involving ro ad transport accidents.  we define transport incidents as accide nts that cause personal injury or significant damage to property environmental impact resulting from the release of substances or leakage of hazardous goods.  safe and healthpromoting working conditions protecting the health of our workfor ce and the employees of contractual partners who work on our factory premises is our top priority.  we are now also ex tending these ambitions to our supply chains

Score 0.515
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t .  renewal of waste water collection and treatment .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light c o m m e r c i a l v e h i c l e s .  renovation of existing buildings .  installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency e q u i p m e n t

Score 0.512
in addition we also report on other nonfinancial aspects.  for we are required to disclose the proportion of turnover sales capital expenditur e capex and operating expenditure opex in the reporting period that is eu taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with regard to the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation.  for the four additional environmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems by contrast we are only required to disclose taxonomyeligible turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  company activities are assessed for taxonomy eligibility based on the economic activities described in annexes i and ii to the delegated act of june and annexes i through iv to the delegated act of june .  to avoid doublecounting results ar e documented for example at product master data level

Score 0.508
for the four additional environmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems by contrast we are only required to disclose taxonomyeligible turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  company activities are assessed for taxonomy eligibility based on the economic activities described in annexes i and ii to the delegated act of june and annexes i through iv to the delegated act of june .  to avoid doublecounting results ar e documented for example at product master data level.  taxonomy alignment is evaluated based on the technical screening criteria for each economic activity which are also defined in the aforementioned annexes.  we use our own interpretation when applying the eu taxonomy as definitions are not yet available and the wording used is unclear

Score 0.505
and the associated logistics oper ations scope . .  emissions in the nonsbtrelevant categories scope .  .  and

Score 0.503
turnovercategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.502
of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nelrenewal of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  .  el nel nel nel nel neltransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm

Score 0.5
the total quantity of waste generated rose to metric tons in metric tons mainly due to increased production at the dormagen site in germany and the completion of construction work at the leverkusen site in germany.  the volume of hazardous waste rose by .  to metric tons metric tons due to the increase in production at the dormagen site.  the volume of hazardous waste from production in this figure including hazardous waste from wastewater treatment plants also increased against the prior year rising from metric tons to metric tons.  process and plant safety we aim to design and operate our pro cesses and production facilities in su ch a way that they do not pose any inappropriate risks to employees the environm ent or neighboring communities

Score 0.499
as explained in the previous sect ion no taxonomy alignment review was undertaken in for the economic activity manufacture of medi cinal products.  furthermore at present there is no process for reliably verifying the acquisition of taxonomyaligned products in category c.  the procedure for the remaining capital expenditure in conn ection with the environmental object ive climate change mitigation is described below.  we examine whether or not an economic activity contri butes substantially to climate change mitigation based on the individual asset.  to rule out significant harm being caused to other environmental objectives we assess the respective criteria at various levels

Score 0.496
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a

Score 0.492
the volume of hazardous waste from production in this figure including hazardous waste from wastewater treatment plants also increased against the prior year rising from metric tons to metric tons.  process and plant safety we aim to design and operate our pro cesses and production facilities in su ch a way that they do not pose any inappropriate risks to employees the environm ent or neighboring communities.  we are working to further develop our safety culture and the expertise of our employees.  principles of process and plant safety are laid out in our globally applicable corporate policies.  compliance with internal and external safety regulations is verifi ed in internal audits

Score 0.491
for we are required to disclose the proportion of turnover sales capital expenditur e capex and operating expenditure opex in the reporting period that is eu taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with regard to the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation.  for the four additional environmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems by contrast we are only required to disclose taxonomyeligible turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  company activities are assessed for taxonomy eligibility based on the economic activities described in annexes i and ii to the delegated act of june and annexes i through iv to the delegated act of june .  to avoid doublecounting results ar e documented for example at product master data level.  taxonomy alignment is evaluated based on the technical screening criteria for each economic activity which are also defined in the aforementioned annexes

Score 0.491
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.491
environmental protection and safety the total sales identified as being taxonomye ligible and taxonomyaligned are shown in the following table a .  taxonomy turnover reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code turnoverproportionof turnoverclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.49
of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal products opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  b

Score 0.489
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t .  renewal of waste water collection and treatment .  transport by motorbikes passenger cars and light c o m m e r c i a l v e h i c l e s

Score 0.484
. process safety incident rate psir .  . environmental protection total energy consumption terajoules scope and greenhouse gas emissions million metric tons of co equivalents .

Score 0.483
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t .  renewal of waste water collection and treatment

Score 0.482
environmental protection and safety the total operating expenditure identi fied as being taxonomyeligible an d taxonomyaligned is shown in the following table a .  taxonomy opex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code opexproportionof opexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.481
capexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities construction extension and operation of waste water c o l l e c t i o n a n d t r e a t m e n t

Score 0.48
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal p r o d u c t s turnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities total a

Score 0.475
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nelrenewal of waste water collection and treatment ccm

Score 0.471
to metric tons metric tons due to the increase in production at the dormagen site.  the volume of hazardous waste from production in this figure including hazardous waste from wastewater treatment plants also increased against the prior year rising from metric tons to metric tons.  process and plant safety we aim to design and operate our pro cesses and production facilities in su ch a way that they do not pose any inappropriate risks to employees the environm ent or neighboring communities.  we are working to further develop our safety culture and the expertise of our employees.  principles of process and plant safety are laid out in our globally applicable corporate policies

Score 0.465
therefore the executive direct ors have laid down their own interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and of the delegated acts adopted thereon in section .  of the combined management report.  they are responsible for the justifiability of this interpretation.  the legal conformity of the interpretation is subject to uncertainties due to the immanent risk that undefined legal terms may be interpreted differently.  the preciseness and completeness of environmental data of the additional nonfinancial information is subject to inherent restrictions resulting from th e way the data was collected and calculated and from assumptions made

Score 0.464
opexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal products opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.463
manufacture of medicinal products capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  . capex of taxon omyeligible activities a. a.  b

Score 0.46
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal products opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a. a

Score 0.46
help us to realize our mission of health for all hunger for none.  in addition we also report on other nonfinancial aspects.  for we are required to disclose the proportion of turnover sales capital expenditur e capex and operating expenditure opex in the reporting period that is eu taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with regard to the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation.  for the four additional environmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems by contrast we are only required to disclose taxonomyeligible turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure.  company activities are assessed for taxonomy eligibility based on the economic activities described in annexes i and ii to the delegated act of june and annexes i through iv to the delegated act of june

Score 0.457
company activities are assessed for taxonomy eligibility based on the economic activities described in annexes i and ii to the delegated act of june and annexes i through iv to the delegated act of june .  to avoid doublecounting results ar e documented for example at product master data level.  taxonomy alignment is evaluated based on the technical screening criteria for each economic activity which are also defined in the aforementioned annexes.  we use our own interpretation when applying the eu taxonomy as definitions are not yet available and the wording used is unclear.  the faq documents published by the europe an commission as of december were duly taken into account

Score 0.455
capital ex penditure that cannot be clearly assigned is taken into consideration on the basis of allocation keys.  capital expenditures for the purchase of products from taxonomyeligible economi c activities or individual measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions category c are also incl uded in this figure.  as explained in the previous sect ion no taxonomy alignment review was undertaken in for the economic activity manufacture of medi cinal products.  furthermore at present there is no process for reliably verifying the acquisition of taxonomyaligned products in category c.  the procedure for the remaining capital expenditure in conn ection with the environmental object ive climate change mitigation is described below

Score 0.455
renovation of existing buildings .  installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency e q u i p m e n t .  installation maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings .  acquisition and ownership of buildings .  manufacture of medicinal products capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.454
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nelrenewal of waste water collection and treatment ccm .

Score 0.454
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  el nel nel nel nel nelrenewal of waste water collection and treatment ccm .  .  el nel nel nel nel neltransport by motorbikes passenger cars and light commercial vehicles ccm .

Score 0.453
environmental protection and safety the total capital expenditure identified as being ta xonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned is shown in the following table a .  taxonomy capex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code capexproportionof capexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.453
taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned opex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal products opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.453
we respect the legal requirements and even go beyond them in various ar eas through voluntary commitments and internal standards.  we have put in place suitable directives and management systems for the implementa tion of regulatory and voluntary product stewardship requir ements that are steered by our sustainability safety health environment sshe enabling function and the quality functions of the divisions.  assessment and testing of active ingredients and products our substances and finished products undergo extensive assessment and testing along the entire value chain.  based on these results we develop measures to minimize health and environmental risks.  our divisions have quality management systems in place that are based on intern ational industryspecific standards

Score 0.451
the volume of hazardous waste rose by .  to metric tons metric tons due to the increase in production at the dormagen site.  the volume of hazardous waste from production in this figure including hazardous waste from wastewater treatment plants also increased against the prior year rising from metric tons to metric tons.  process and plant safety we aim to design and operate our pro cesses and production facilities in su ch a way that they do not pose any inappropriate risks to employees the environm ent or neighboring communities.  we are working to further develop our safety culture and the expertise of our employees

Score 0.45
installation maintenance and repair of energy efficiency e q u i p m e n t .  installation maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings .  acquisition and ownership of buildings .  manufacture of medicinal products capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.

Score 0.449
taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities manufacture of medicinal products opex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  opex of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities total a

Score 0.449
we have put in place suitable directives and management systems for the implementa tion of regulatory and voluntary product stewardship requir ements that are steered by our sustainability safety health environment sshe enabling function and the quality functions of the divisions.  assessment and testing of active ingredients and products our substances and finished products undergo extensive assessment and testing along the entire value chain.  based on these results we develop measures to minimize health and environmental risks.  our divisions have quality management systems in place that are based on intern ational industryspecific standards.  by implementing a binding companywide quality assurance system we aim to guarantee highquality safe and effective products an d services that satisfy all intern al and external requirements and meet customer expectations

Score 0.447
transportation safety transportation and wareho use safety is part of hse management and is implemented by networks of supply chain experts.  in addition to complying with legal regulations we have implemented supplementary standards and requirements that are defined in corp orate policies.  this ensures that our materials are handled and transported in accordance wi th their respective potential haza rds and applicable regulations.  there were transp ort incidents in primarily involving ro ad transport accidents.  we define transport incidents as accide nts that cause personal injury or significant damage to property environmental impact resulting from the release of substances or leakage of hazardous goods

Score 0.446
environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy opex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea.  opexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.445
environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy capex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea. capexcategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.445
.  nonfinancial group targets through including the statements made in the footnotes as well as the following passages on the groups nonfinancial targets contained in section . .  of the combined management report disclosures on the implementation of the regulation eu of the european parliament and of the council of june on establishing a framework to facilitate sustainable investment and amending regulation eu under the subs ection eu taxonomy incl uded in the combined management report in section .  statements made on the subject of scope emission s in table a

Score 0.443
it can be returned to the water cycle in line with the relevant official permits.  at our production facilities we endeavor to use wate r several times and to recycle it.  all wastewater is subject to thorough checks b efore it is discharged into the various disposal channels.  all our industrial and mixed wastewater is purified in wastewater trea tment plants bayer or thirdparty facilities where necessary categorized as environmen tally safe according to official provis ions and returned to the natural water cycle.  the total quantity of industrial and mixed wastewater cam e in at million cubic meters in and was thus

Score 0.442
environmental protection and safety waste and recycling we aim to minimize material consumption and dispos al volumes through systematic waste management.  in accordance with bayers corporate policies all production sites are required to prevent reduce and recycle waste and to dispose of it safely and in line with go od environmental practices.  the total quantity of waste generated rose to metric tons in metric tons mainly due to increased production at the dormagen site in germany and the completion of construction work at the leverkusen site in germany.  the volume of hazardous waste rose by .  to metric tons metric tons due to the increase in production at the dormagen site

Score 0.442
at our production facilities we endeavor to use wate r several times and to recycle it.  all wastewater is subject to thorough checks b efore it is discharged into the various disposal channels.  all our industrial and mixed wastewater is purified in wastewater trea tment plants bayer or thirdparty facilities where necessary categorized as environmen tally safe according to official provis ions and returned to the natural water cycle.  the total quantity of industrial and mixed wastewater cam e in at million cubic meters in and was thus .  higher than the previous year million cubic meters

Score 0.44
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a

Score 0.44
of the combined management report including the statements made in the footnotes as well as the statements made in the eu taxonomy subsection the statements made on the subject of scope emissions in table a .  greenhouse gas emissions contained in section .  of the combin ed management report as well as the related statements the statements made on th e appropriateness and operating effectivene ss of internal control ic and the risk management system rms in accordance with recommendation a.  of the gcgc contained in section .

Score 0.44
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a

Score 0.439
installation maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings .  acquisition and ownership of buildings .  manufacture of medicinal products capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  . capex of taxon omyeligible activities a

Score 0.439
taxonomy capex reporting fiscal year substantial contribution criteria economic activities code capexproportionof capexclimate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economy biodiversity million y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nel y n nela.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned capex of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelconstruction extension and operation of waste water collection and treatment ccm

Score 0.439
capital expenditures for the purchase of products from taxonomyeligible economi c activities or individual measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions category c are also incl uded in this figure.  as explained in the previous sect ion no taxonomy alignment review was undertaken in for the economic activity manufacture of medi cinal products.  furthermore at present there is no process for reliably verifying the acquisition of taxonomyaligned products in category c.  the procedure for the remaining capital expenditure in conn ection with the environmental object ive climate change mitigation is described below.  we examine whether or not an economic activity contri butes substantially to climate change mitigation based on the individual asset

Score 0.438
scope indirect emissions from our upstream and downstream value chains by materiality .  . of which indirect emissions from our upstream value chain to attain the sbt .  .  direct emissions result from our own power plants vehicles waste incineration plants and production facilities scope

Score 0.438
taxonomy alignment is evaluated based on the technical screening criteria for each economic activity which are also defined in the aforementioned annexes.  we use our own interpretation when applying the eu taxonomy as definitions are not yet available and the wording used is unclear.  the faq documents published by the europe an commission as of december were duly taken into account.  reporting on turnover the definition of turnover according to eu taxonomy corresponds with the sales reported in the consolidated financial st atements see note .  a portion of our core business became taxonomyelig ible for the first time through the passage of delegated regulation eu of june due to an economic activity manufacture of medicinal products which can contribu te to the environmental objective pollution prevention and control

Score 0.436
product stewardship a .  environmental protection and safety employeerelated aspects a .  sustainability management a .  commitment to employees a .  procurement and supplier management a

Score 0.436
nonfinancial group targets through including the statements made in the footnotes as well as the following passages on the groups nonfinancial targets contained in section . .  of the combined management report disclosures on the implementation of the regulation eu of the european parliament and of the council of june on establishing a framework to facilitate sustainable investment and amending regulation eu under the subs ection eu taxonomy incl uded in the combined management report in section .  statements made on the subject of scope emission s in table a .  as well as the related statements in section

Score 0.435
the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts issued thereunder contain wording and terms that are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertain ties and for which clarifi cations have not yet been published in every case.  therefore the executive direct ors have laid down their own interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and of the delegated acts adopted thereon in section .  of the combined management report.  they are responsible for the justifiability of this interpretation.  the legal conformity of the interpretation is subject to uncertainties due to the immanent risk that undefined legal terms may be interpreted differently

Score 0.434
.  strategy and targets a .  procurement and supplier management a .  product stewardship a .  environmental protection and safety employeerelated aspects a

Score 0.432
b.  taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a

Score 0.43
other operating incomeexpenses .  . ebit .  . financial result

Score 0.429
environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy turnover reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda.  oreligiblea. turnovercategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a

Score 0.428
we focus on all stages of the product cy cle from manufacturing to safe use and disposal.  at our production sites around the world regulatory authorities and external assessors monitor compliance with wastewater thresholds.  internal experts also perf orm corresponding audits of the production sites at regular intervals.  we take appropriate action in our production facilities to avoid or reduce emissions from production such as the release of active ingredients into the environment.  alongside the regulatory standards such action also comes in the form of ou r own more farreaching en vironmental standards for instance as outlined in our corpor ate policies

Score 0.427
other provisions changes in the various provision categories in were as follows b changes in other provisions million other taxesenvironmentalprotectionrestructuringtraderelatedcommitments litigationspersonnelcommitmentsmiscellaneous totaljanuary additions utilization reversal interest cost exchange differences december of which current the provisions were partly offset by reimbursement claims in the amo unt of million million which were recognized as receivables.  these reimburs ement claims primarily related to product liability.  environmental protection provisions for environmental prot ection are mainly established for the expected costs of ensuring compliance with environmental regula tions remediation work on cont aminated land recultivation of landfills and redevelopment and water protection measures.  restructuring provisions for restructuring only cover expenses th at arise directly from re structuring measures are necessary for restructuring and are not related to future business operations.  such expenses include severance payments to employees and compensation payments in respect of rented property that is no longer used

Score 0.427
acquisition and ownership of buildings .  manufacture of medicinal products capex of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.  . capex of taxon omyeligible activities a. a

Score 0.427
of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelmanufacture of medicinal products ppc .  .  nel nel nel el nel nelturnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a.

Score 0.426
taxonomy opex reporting and a.  proportion of opex per environmental objective contained in section .  of the combined management report including the statements made in the footnotes as well as the statements made in the eu taxonomy subsection the statements made on the subject of scope emissions in table a .  greenhouse gas emissions contained in section .  of the combin ed management report as well as the related statements the statements made on th e appropriateness and operating effectivene ss of internal control ic and the risk management system rms in accordance with recommendation a

Score 0.426
.  of the combined management report disclosures on the implementation of the regulation eu of the european parliament and of the council of june on establishing a framework to facilitate sustainable investment and amending regulation eu under the subs ection eu taxonomy incl uded in the combined management report in section .  statements made on the subject of scope emission s in table a .  as well as the related statements in section .  of the combined management report hereafter together referred to as additional nonfinancial information

Score 0.425
taxonomynoneligible activities opex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy opex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda

Score 0.425
.  transportation safety transportation and wareho use safety is part of hse management and is implemented by networks of supply chain experts.  in addition to complying with legal regulations we have implemented supplementary standards and requirements that are defined in corp orate policies.  this ensures that our materials are handled and transported in accordance wi th their respective potential haza rds and applicable regulations.  there were transp ort incidents in primarily involving ro ad transport accidents

Score 0.424
environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a.  taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities el nel el nel el nel el nel el nel el nelmanufacture of medicinal products ppc .  .  nel nel nel el nel nelturnover of taxonomyeligible but not environmentally sustainable activities not taxonomyaligned activities a

Score 0.424
commitment to employees a .  procurement and supplier management a .  environmental protection and safety social aspects a .  sustainability management a .  product stewardship a

Score 0.423
if the definitions and recognition criteria of ias are met which can be the case with interfaces fo r example the costs are capitalized as an intangible asset.  capitalized de velopment expenses are recognized at the cost of generation and amortized over their expected useful lives.  impairment testing is also performed on an annual or eventdriven basis.  income taxes income taxes comprise the taxes levied on taxable in come in the individual co untries along with changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities that are recognized in profit or loss.  this al so includes current income taxes resulting from tax laws that have come into fo rce or been adopted to implement the pillar two model rules published by the organisation for economic cooperation and development oecd

Score 0.423
. .  transportation safety transportation and wareho use safety is part of hse management and is implemented by networks of supply chain experts.  in addition to complying with legal regulations we have implemented supplementary standards and requirements that are defined in corp orate policies.  this ensures that our materials are handled and transported in accordance wi th their respective potential haza rds and applicable regulations

Score 0.422
this includes both primary energy consumption which mainly relates to fossil fuels and secondary energy consumption.  the decline was attributable to lower production volumes at our sites in soda springs united stat es and antwerp belgium.  energy efficiency reported as the ratio of en ergy consumed to external sales came in at kwh thousand in compared with kwh thousand in .  greenhouse gas emissions we consider climate protection and the related reduct ion of greenhouse gas emissions to be a top priority.  we have therefore set ourselves ambitious targets in this area and these are ex plained in more detail in chapter

Score 0.422
based on these results we develop measures to minimize health and environmental risks.  our divisions have quality management systems in place that are based on intern ational industryspecific standards.  by implementing a binding companywide quality assurance system we aim to guarantee highquality safe and effective products an d services that satisfy all intern al and external requirements and meet customer expectations.  this helps to avoid customer complaints pr oduct recalls and other problems.  for all chemical substances we compile s afety data sheets targeting professional users

Score 0.422
taxonomy capex reporting a.  proportion of capex per environmental objective a.  taxonomy opex reporting and a.  proportion of opex per environmental objective contained in section .  of the combined management report including the statements made in the footnotes as well as the statements made in the eu taxonomy subsection the statements made on the subject of scope emissions in table a

Score 0.422
commitment to employees .  procurement and supplier management .  sustainability management .  product stewardship .  environmental protection and safety

Score 0.421
these reimburs ement claims primarily related to product liability.  environmental protection provisions for environmental prot ection are mainly established for the expected costs of ensuring compliance with environmental regula tions remediation work on cont aminated land recultivation of landfills and redevelopment and water protection measures.  restructuring provisions for restructuring only cover expenses th at arise directly from re structuring measures are necessary for restructuring and are not related to future business operations.  such expenses include severance payments to employees and compensation payments in respect of rented property that is no longer used.  restructuring measures may include the sale or termin ation of business units site closures relocations of business activities or fundamental reorganizations of business units

Score 0.421
taxonomynoneligible activities capex of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy capex reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda

Score 0.421
oreligiblea. turnovercategory enabling activitycategory transitional activity yn yn yn yn yn yn yn e ta.  taxonomyeligible activities a.  environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned turnover of environmentally sustainable activities taxonomyaligned a.  of which enabling of which transitional a

Score 0.421
lost time recordable incident rate ltrir .  . process safety incident rate psir .  . environmental protection total energy consumption terajoules scope and greenhouse gas emissions million metric tons of co equivalents

Score 0.419
turnover of taxonomyeligible activities a. a.  b.  taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities total a .  proportion of turnover per environmental objective proportion of turnovertotal turnover aligned per objectiveeligible per objectiveclimate change mitigation ccm climate change adaptation cca water and marine resources wtr circular economy ce pollution prevention and control ppc

Score 0.418
capitalized de velopment expenses are recognized at the cost of generation and amortized over their expected useful lives.  impairment testing is also performed on an annual or eventdriven basis.  income taxes income taxes comprise the taxes levied on taxable in come in the individual co untries along with changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities that are recognized in profit or loss.  this al so includes current income taxes resulting from tax laws that have come into fo rce or been adopted to implement the pillar two model rules published by the organisation for economic cooperation and development oecd.  the income taxes recognized are reflected at the amounts likely to be payable under the statut ory regulations in force or already enacted in relation to future periods at the end of the reporting period

Score 0.418
we use our own interpretation when applying the eu taxonomy as definitions are not yet available and the wording used is unclear.  the faq documents published by the europe an commission as of december were duly taken into account.  reporting on turnover the definition of turnover according to eu taxonomy corresponds with the sales reported in the consolidated financial st atements see note .  a portion of our core business became taxonomyelig ible for the first time through the passage of delegated regulation eu of june due to an economic activity manufacture of medicinal products which can contribu te to the environmental objective pollution prevention and control.  sales of the pharmaceuticals and consumer health divi sions can be attributed to this economic activity

Score 0.417
assets and liabilities are classified by maturity.  they are regarded as current if they mature within one year or within the normal business cycle which us ually does not exceed one y ear or are held for sale.  the normal business cycle is defined for this purpose as beginning with the procurement of the resources necessary for the production process and ending with the receipt of cash or cash equivalents as consideration for the sale of the goods or services produced in that proce ss.  inventories and trade accounts receivable and payable are always presented as current items.  deferred tax assets and liabilities and pension provisions are always presented as noncurrent items

Score 0.417
.  help us to realize our mission of health for all hunger for none.  in addition we also report on other nonfinancial aspects.  for we are required to disclose the proportion of turnover sales capital expenditur e capex and operating expenditure opex in the reporting period that is eu taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with regard to the environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate chan ge adaptation.  for the four additional environmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources the transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems by contrast we are only required to disclose taxonomyeligible turnover capital expenditure and operating expenditure

Score 0.416
we define transport incidents as accide nts that cause personal injury or significant damage to property environmental impact resulting from the release of substances or leakage of hazardous goods.  safe and healthpromoting working conditions protecting the health of our workfor ce and the employees of contractual partners who work on our factory premises is our top priority.  we are now also ex tending these ambitions to our supply chains.  we are committed to systematic prevention measures for heal thy working conditions and safety in everyday work in production facilities and during workrelated travel and transporta tion.  this involves preventing occupational accidents and occupational illnesses assessing potent ial hazards ensuring comprehensive risk management and creating a healthy working environment

Score 0.416
e.  fraudulent nonfinancial reporting or error.  the eu taxonomy regulation and the delegated acts issued thereunder contain wording and terms that are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertain ties and for which clarifi cations have not yet been published in every case.  therefore the executive direct ors have laid down their own interpretation of the eu taxonomy regulation and of the delegated acts adopted thereon in section .  of the combined management report

Score 0.415
of direct greenhouse gas emissions were carbon dioxide emissions.  other greenhouse ga ses such as nitrous oxide partially fluorinated hydrocarbons and methane made a negligible contribution to direct greenhouse gas emissions .  indirect emissions result from the procurement of electricity steam and cooling energy scope .  scope emissions were subjected to a limited assurance review.  emissions from eight scope categories are of material importance to bayer and together represent our total scope emissions purchased goods and services capital goods fuel and energyrelated activities upstream transportation and dis tribution waste generated in operations business travel employee commuting and endoflife treatment of sold products

Score 0.415
product stewardship a .  environmental protection and safety bribery and corruption a .  sustainability management a .  procurement and supplier management a .  compliance respect for human rights a

Score 0.415
taxonomynoneligible activities turnover of taxonomynoneligible activities .  total y yes activity is taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective n no activity is taxonomyeligible but not taxonomyaligned with the relevant environmental objective el eligible activity is taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective nel not eligible activity is not taxonomyeligible for the respective environmental objective.  bayer annual report a combined management report.  environmental protection and safety a .  continued taxonomy turnover reporting dnsh criteria does not significantly harm economic activities climate change mitigationclimate change adaptation water pollutioncircular economybiodiversity minimum safeguardsproportionoftaxonomyaligneda

Score 0.414
the faq documents published by the europe an commission as of december were duly taken into account.  reporting on turnover the definition of turnover according to eu taxonomy corresponds with the sales reported in the consolidated financial st atements see note .  a portion of our core business became taxonomyelig ible for the first time through the passage of delegated regulation eu of june due to an economic activity manufacture of medicinal products which can contribu te to the environmental objective pollution prevention and control.  sales of the pharmaceuticals and consumer health divi sions can be attributed to this economic activity.  the determination of taxonomyeligible sales takes place at product level

Score 0.413
capital goods .  fuel and energyrelated activities .  upstream transportation and distribution and .  business travel.  total scope and emissions cover all categories defined in the ghg protocol

Score 0.413
environmental protection and safety the following table provides an over view of the development in a .  greenhouse gas emissions million metric tons of co equivalents scope direct emissions .  . scope indirect emissions according to the marketbased method .