Scores_g_WHOLESALE AND RETAIL TRADE; REPAIR OF MOTOR VEHICLES AND MOTORCYCLESScore 0.588
In terms of sales of our business activities fall under the classification system of the EU Taxonomy Regulation. of total sales meets the requirements for taxonomy alignment. With the possible upcoming revisions of the legal texts and interpretations of the industries future changes to the classifications cannot be ruled out at the present time. We will also continue to take taxonomy alignment requirements into account in all process steps in order to steadily increase these in subsequent years. 

Score 0.581
 Purchased goods and services t COe Use of sold products t COe Rheinmetall Group t COe 

Score 0.515
The Group generates sales from the transfer of goods and services in areas of security technology and mobility. Sales from the real estate development sector are also recognized in the other companies. The following table shows the timing of sales recognition broken down by segment. 

Score 0.515
 Inventories and receivables Pension provisions Other provisions Liabilities

Score 0.513
Land land rights and buildings Production plant and machinery Other plant factory and office equipment Prepayments made and construction in progress Total As of Current period Reversal Disposals Book transfers Adjustment in scope of consolidation Currency differences As of and Current period Reversal Disposals Book transfers Adjustment in scope of consolidation Currency differences As of Carrying amount as of Carrying amount as of 

Score 0.509
Trade receivables are recognized as soon as the goods and services have been transferred to the customer and there is an unconditional legal entitlement to the corresponding consideration. The credit term for contracts with customers is predominantly days. 

Score 0.505
Land land rights and buildings Production plant and machinery Other plant factory and office equipment Prepayments made and construction in progress Total As of Additions Disposals Book transfers Adjustments in scope of consolidation Currency differences As of and Additions Disposals Book transfers Adjustment in scope of consolidation Currency differences As of 

Score 0.504
part of such arrangements companies must also disclose the portion of these liabilities for which the suppliers have already received payments and the items of the statement of financial position under which these liabilities are reported. Furthermore disclosures must be made with regard to the ranges of the payment terms for these financial liabilities and for comparable trade payables that do not form part of such finance arrangements with suppliers. As a result of the amendments to IFRS information on liquidity risk must also be provided for supplier finance arrangements. The amendments to IAS establish regulations that can be used to determine whether two currencies are exchangeable with one another and how the exchange rates are to be determined if a currency is not exchangeable. A currency is considered to be exchangeable if a company can exchange this currency into another at the measurement date on markets or using exchange mechanisms. If a company can only obtain an immaterial amount of the other currency then a currency is not exchangeable into another currency. In this case the closing rate is estimated by the company. This is to be done using the rate that would have applied to a properly executed transaction between market participants and which would reflect the prevailing economic conditions. The application of the new and amended standards and interpretations is not expected to have a material effect on the presentation of the Rheinmetall Groups net assets financial position and results of operations. 

Score 0.5
In the following presentation of information by geographical region foreign sales of Vehicle Systems Weapon and Ammunition and Electronic Solutions are reported based on the country of destination while external sales of Sensors and Actuators and Materials and Trade are reported according to where the customer is based. Noncurrent assets include intangible assets rightofuse assets property plant and equipment and investment property according to the respective location of the company. 

Score 0.5
 External Sales Vehicle Systems External Sales Weapon and Ammunition External Sales Electronic Solutions External Sales Sensors and Actuators External Sales Materials and Trade OthersConsolidation Group sales in of worldwide Group sales Noncurrent assets 

Score 0.496
Classification of other provisions 

Score 0.492
Property land Property buildings Passenger cars Other rightof use assets Total As of Current period Disposals Book transfers Currency differences As of and Current period Disposals Book transfers Adjustments in scope of consolidation Currency differences As of Carrying amount as of Carrying amount as of 

Score 0.487
At the beginning of fiscal year the existing key order figures were further developed with the aim of establishing a crosssegment indicator for Groupwide sales activity and the future sales potential of the Rheinmetall Group. As a new order indicator Rheinmetall Backlog comprises the previously used order backlog key figure as well as the new frame backlog and nominated backlog key figures. The frame backlog reflects the expected future calloffs from existing framework agreements for the security business which are converted into order backlog when called off by the customer. Based on existing written agreements and framework contracts with customers the nominated backlog figure shows the future calloffs expected for the civil business from these customer agreements. The sales resulting from the frame backlog and the nominated backlog may differ from the corresponding amounts depending on the final calloff quantities. The new Rheinmetall Nomination indicator is composed of the previously used order intake and booked business indicators as well as the new flow indicator for the security business the frame nomination. Similarly to the booked business indicator used for the civil business this represents the expected value of new framework agreements concluded with customers. Like booked business frame nomination does not yet represent binding customer orders so actual calloff volumes and the resulting sales may vary. The frame backlog is converted into order backlog by way of the calloffs reported as order intake. Within Rheinmetall Nomination this change is presented as frame utilization. 

Score 0.484
Net sales comprise sales within the meaning of Article of Directive EU i.e. the amounts derived from the sale of products and the rendering of services after deducting sales allowances and value added tax and other taxes directly related to sales. Furthermore the taxonomy states that sales comprise revenue recognized in accordance with International Accounting Standard IAS paragraph a as amended by Commission Regulation EC No. . Rheinmetall records its sales in accordance with this standard so that Group sales also correspond to all taxonomy sales to be considered. 

Score 0.482
For the Vehicle Systems segment we anticipate a considerable increase in sales of between and in fiscal supported in particular by the continued production of the Lynx infantry fighting vehicle for the Hungarian customer and by further deliveries of swap body systems for various customers as well as ring exchanges segment sales in million. The operating margin is expected to range from to segment margin in .. Based on the very good order situation and rising sales in the core business ammunition we anticipate considerable sales growth of between and in the Weapon and Ammunition segment in fiscal segment sales in million. The operating margin is expected to range from to segment margin in .. For the Electronic Solutions segment we anticipate significant sales growth of to in underpinned by deliveries for the large systems projects in the Vehicle Systems segment and business for our air defence systems and associated followup deliveries of components with international customers segment sales in million. The operating margin is expected to range from to segment margin in .. For the new Power Systems segment which will exist from January and which combines the former Sensors and Actuators SA and Materials and Trade MT divisions we expect sales growth of around in the current fiscal year based on the forecast development in international light vehicle and truck production in and the continued growth of the aftermarket business pro forma segment sales in million. The operating margin is expected be around pro forma segment margin in .. 

Score 0.482
The purchasing organization is controlled by the Chief Purchasing Officer CPO. It is managed via a matrix structure with the procurement units in the divisions reporting to the CPO in functional terms while there are also central units in Procurement such as Governance ESG and Commodity Management that cooperate with the divisions. One key element for managing this area is the Rheinmetall Group Purchasing Council RGP Council. All divisions are represented on the RGP Council in order to improve Rheinmetalls market position with respect to suppliers and achieve better purchasing conditions. This ranges from optimized prices to improved payment and delivery conditions. Another objective of the RGP Council is to transfer expertise and information and to ensure networking within the purchasing organization. Furthermore regular exchanges in the RGP Council ensure that the purchasing organization is adapted to changing requirements and that both organization and processes are described in sufficient detail.Within the overarching Group purchasing organization the central Governance Processes Tools organizes procurement governance for the Rheinmetallwide purchasing organization in consultation with the CPO defines the systems used within Procurement and manages and supports measures and projects for improving and further developing procurement processes and systems at Rheinmetall. Risks can arise in connection with the purchasing of raw materials parts and components in the form of unexpected supply shortages delays or bottlenecks in delivery quality problems or rising purchase prices for intermediate products raw materials and energy. This is countered through ongoing monitoring of the procurement markets structured procurement concepts and the avoidance of dependence on individual suppliers. The careful selection of efficient suppliers ongoing supplier reviews precise specifications and quality requirements reliability checks medium and longterm supply contracts bundling of volumes to be procured within the Group and appropriate safety stock levels also reduce the risk potential. Ongoing optimization of our supplier circle can leader to more favorable purchasing conditions. If new suppliers possessing for example specialized innovative product knowledge are identified our competitive situation may improve. Legal bans on substances andor materials are taken into account through appropriate measures and cooperation with other specialist areas. 

Score 0.479
Sales The IT incident in the second quarter of also affected IT systems at the sides of Materials and Trade in Germany and abroad which initially resulted in a significant drop in sales. Despite this IT incident sales declined by only or million yearonyear to million. Adjusted for currency effects there was a decline in sales of . The Trade business unit again showed a very good yearonyear sales performance despite the cyberattack with sales growth of or million. Higher sales were generated in the Trade unit particularly in the sales regions of Europe South America and Asia. In the Bearings business unit sales declined by or million yearonyear. In the Continuous Castings unit the passing on of lower material prices significantly reduced tonnage particularly due to a weak market in the construction and sanitation industry and a change in the sales mix together led to a yearonyear decrease in sales. In business with plain bearings by contrast there was a slight volumedriven increase in sales compared to the previous year. Booked business Booked business of Materials and Trade came to million in fiscal representing a slight yearonyear increase of . In fiscal previous year of this was attributable to the Internal Combustion Engine ICE category previous year to Industrial Technology previous year to Electrification and previous year to Truck. Nominated backlog The nominated backlog of Materials and Trade amounted to million in fiscal . Compared to the previous year the nominated backlog of Materials and Trade decreased due to the reclassification of previous orders and framework contracts as individual transactions which by definition are not reported in the nominated backlog.Operating result Materials and Trade generated an operating result at the previous years level at million in fiscal . The operating margin of . is on a par with the previous years level. The Trade business unit achieved a significant improvement in earnings. This was chiefly due to the higher sales achieved and the lack of the previous years negative earnings contribution from Amprio GmbH. In the Bearings business unit the operating result was down significantly yearonyear. This was attributable to the decline in sales in the Continuous Castings unit and the negative impact from rising energy prices and negative currency effects. Earnings from the Castings business unit which are largely determined by the atequity contribution of the joint venture HASCO KSPG Nonferrous Components Shanghai Co. Ltd were slightly higher in fiscal than a year earlier despite a weak development of the Chinese market for vehicles with combustion engines during the year. Operating free cash flow Operating free cash flow of Materials and Trade decreased yearonyear to million previous year million. The decline compared to the previous year was mainly due to lower earnings after taxes and higher working capital. 

Score 0.479
Business activities and markets 

Score 0.479
 Provisions for pensions and similar obligations Other noncurrent provisions Noncurrent financial debts Other noncurrent liabilities Deferred taxes Noncurrent liabilities Other current provisions Current financial debts Contract liabilities Trade liabilities Other current liabilities Income tax liabilities Liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale Current liabilities Total equity and liabilities

Score 0.478
The liability component is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. By contrast the equity component remains unchanged during the term of the compound financial instrument. When exercising the conversion right at the end of the term the liability component is transferred to equity without any effect on profit or loss. The interest incurred in connection with the compound financial instrument is recognized through profit or loss. Inventories Inventories are carried at cost usually using the weighted average. Inherent risks due to reduced utility or to obsolescence are adequately allowed for. If the net realizable value of inventories is lower than their carrying amount as of the end of the reporting period they are written down to net realizable value. The writedown is recognized either as cost of materials raw materials and supplies or a change in inventories of finished products and work in progress. If the net realizable value of inventories previously written down increases the ensuing reversal is routinely offset against cost of materials raw materials and supplies or recognized as a change in inventories of finished products and work in progress. Assets held for sale and associated liabilities in discontinued operations A discontinued operation is a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations that either is held for sale or has already been sold and is clearly distinct from the entitys other operations both from a business perspective and for the purposes of financial reporting. A discontinued operation classified as held for sale in accordance with the criteria of IFRS is recognized in the consolidated financial statements under discontinued operations. At the reclassification date the discontinued operation is stated at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. Depreciation and amortization are suspended from the reclassification date. Assets and liabilities that are not within the scope of the measurement requirements of IFRS are measured in accordance with the standards applicable to them. The elimination entries for transactions between continuing and discontinued operations are assigned in full to discontinued operations. In reporting the activities of the discontinued operation are not assigned to a reportable segment. Assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are reclassified to the assets held for sale and liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale items in the statement of financial position. The previous years statement of financial position items are not reclassified. In the income statement the earnings after taxes of the discontinued operations are combined in a separate item as Earnings from discontinued operations. The previous years figures in the income statement are restated accordingly. The statement of cash flows continues to comprise the cash flows of the entire Group and is supplemented by an of which item for the net cash flows of discontinued operations. Contract assets and contract liabilities Contract assets are recognized in connection with contracts with customers if in the case of contract manufacturing the cumulative sales recognized over time exceed the sum of the advance payments received and progress billings. As of the end of the reporting period this asset item is tested for impairment and if necessary an impairment is recognized on the basis of expected losses. If the recognized sales are lower than the sum of the advance payments received and progress billings a contract liability is recognized. A contract liability is also recognized if advance payments are received and consideration has not yet been provided. Deferred taxes Deferred taxes are recognized for temporary measurement differences between items shown in the statement of financial position under IFRS and according to the local tax laws of the individual companies. Deferred tax assets also include the tax assets receivable from the expected future utilization of tax loss carryforwards if their realization is reasonably certain. Deferred taxes are calculated on the basis of the tax rates applicable or announced in each country as of the end of the reporting period. Income tax liabilities are recognized on the basis of appropriate estimates for obligations to the respective national tax authorities that are uncertain in terms of amount and probability of occurrence. The tax rate specific to the company effective at the end of the reporting period is used. Other factors are also taken into account such as experience from previous external audits and different legal interpretations between taxpayers and the tax authorities with regard to the issue at hand. Uncertain income tax items are recognized at the most likely amount. 

Score 0.474
Convertible bond Promissory notes Bank liabilities Leasing Commercial Papers Other Total year year year year As of Cash changes Borrowing of financial debts Repayment of financial debts Noncash changes Currency differences Adjustment in scope of consolidation Addition of rightofuse assets Book transfers As of and Cash changes Borrowing of financial debts Repayment of financial debts Noncash changes Currency differences Adjustment in scope of consolidation Interest Addition of rightofuse assets Book transfers As of 

Score 0.471
protection of water and marine resources and environmental objective protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems in the classification of economic activities phase. In the Annexes to Environmental Objectives of the Delegated Regulation there were also some changes to the wording regarding compliance with the NACE codes which stipulate a stricter interpretation. While the wording a The economic activities in this category could be associated with several NACE codes is always used in environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation the categories in environmental objectives now often contain the wording b The economic activity relates to ... classified under the NACE codes. The wording a suggests an optional formulation so that economic activities that do not fall under the listed NACE codes but can be clearly assigned to a category on the basis of the other criteria are considered taxonomyeligible. Wording b on the other hand can be understood as a mandatory formulation meaning that economic activities that cannot be assigned to the NACE codes mentioned are considered nontaxonomyeligible. According to EU Annex I the Capital expenditure and Operating expenditure KPIs are subdivided as A directly attributable to a taxonomyeligible oraligned activity B serving to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities or C relating to the acquisition of production from taxonomyaligned economic activities and to individual measures through which the target activities are carried out in a lowcarbon manner or the emission of greenhouse gases is reduced. Derived from this the assignment of the category sets first identified the salesgenerating economic activities and the associated capital and operating expenditure. In addition any values that did not generate sales in the reporting period but could be assigned to categories B or C were identified. In a second step the sets of categories were applied to the economic activities of the divisions. To gain an initial estimate of the taxonomy eligibility in the expected annual values were also added. In addition these were used to determine an internal materiality limit as the granularity in the determination made possible by the EU Taxonomy Regulation in particular for C capital expenditure cannot yet be fully technically implemented. The materiality limit for comparability is based on the methodology of previous years which is approximately of the taxonomyeligible totals of sales operating expenditure and investments less special effects. Special effects are business activities that are not part of the companys core business are nonrecurring in nature and have a significant impact on earnings. These include for example the oneoff purchase of buildings by Rheinmetall Immobilien Gesellschaft for rental or resale. No significant deviations in the projected annual value were identified by the materiality limit. In the third phase the determined economic activities of Rheinmetall AG were finally checked for their taxonomy alignment. A distinction was made between requirements to be examined for each individual economic activity itself such as the substantial contribution and specific DNSH criteria requirements relating to the locations and requirements covered by Groupwide compliance. The latter particularly applies to the requirements of the minimum safeguards. For the Annexes of the Delegated Regulation on the new environmental objectives published in June and the additions to the existing annexes of environmental objectives and a soft landing will be carried out again this year so that no conformity check will be carried out and all economic activities identified here will be reported as taxonomycompliant. Due to the reclassification of economic activities in the automotive sector from category . Manufacture of other low carbon technologies to the new category . Manufacture of automotive and mobility components this leads to a oneoff significant change in the KPIs this year compared to the previous year. Due to the full reporting obligation for taxonomy eligibility and alignment for all environmental objectives taxonomy alignment is expected to increase again from the fiscal year. With the results the KPIs of the EU Taxonomy Regulation have been conclusively evaluated for the Rheinmetall Group.

Score 0.469
Group.operating result marging around operating result marging around operating result marging around operating result marging around ..Vehicle Systems.operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to ..Weapon and Amunition.operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to ..Electronic Solutions.operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to ..Sensors and Actuators.operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to ..Materials and Trade.operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to ..OFCF in relation to salesGroup million. to to to to ..

Score 0.468
Activities in the field of acquisition and management of property in buildings fall under Category . of the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Here in particular sales from the rental of buildings or the purchase of a property are to be recognized as taxonomyeligible. The construction of new buildings for own use should also be included here. The majority of the economic activities assigned to this category do not meet the criteria for a significant contribution. In Düsseldorf however Rheinmetall Immobilien Gesellschaft mbH generates taxonomyaligned sales from the rental of the DeltaD office building. As this was built in accordance with the DGNB Gold standard it can be assumed that the building meets the criteria for the significant contribution.

Score 0.465
The amendments to IAS Classification of Liabilities as Current or NonCurrent specify the regulation on classifying liabilities as current or noncurrent in cases of uncertainty as to the settlement amount. In particular they clarify that classification is aligned to the rights the company has at the end of the reporting period. The IASB has deferred the effective date to January . The further amendments to IAS Noncurrent Liabilities with Covenants relate to classifications of liabilities as current or noncurrent for which certain covenants have been agreed. With the amendments issued the IASB clarifies that only covenants with which an entity is required to comply on or before the reporting date affect the classification of a liability as current or noncurrent. In addition the amendments specify additional disclosure requirements for noncurrent liabilities with covenants. The amendments to IFRS contain unifying provisions for how a sellerlessee subsequently measures sale and leaseback transactions. They require a sellerlessee to subsequently measure lease liabilities arising from a sale and leaseback in a way that it does not recognize any amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. The subsequent measurement of lease liabilities in connection with a sale and leaseback must include the expected payments at the commencement date. In each period the lease liability is reduced by the expected payments and the difference compared with the actual payments is recognized through profit or loss. The following amendments have not yet been implemented in European law as they are not yet endorsed The amendments to IAS supplement the disclosure regulations in connection with supplier finance arrangements reverse factoring arrangements. As a result of the amendments the terms and conditions of supplier finance arrangements must be disclosed. In addition to the carrying amounts of the liabilities that form 

Score 0.464
Notes Sales Changes in inventories and work performed by the enterprise and capitalized Total operating performance Other operating income Cost of materials Personnel costs Amortization depreciation and impairment Other operating expenses Result from investments accounted for using the equity method

Score 0.462
We refer to the explanations of the executive board in the section EU taxonomy contained in the section Nonfinancial statement of the combined management report. There it is stated that some of the wording and terminology contained in the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the delegated acts adopted thereon are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertainty and have not yet been officially clarified. The executive board sets out how it has made the necessary interpretation of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the delegated acts adopted thereon. As there is the inherent risk that indefinite legal concepts may allow for various interpretations the legal conformity of the interpretation is prone to uncertainty. Our audit opinion on the combined management report was not modified in this respect. 

Score 0.461
Amortized cost Fair valueOCI Fair valuePL No category Total Trade receivables Cash and cash equivalents Securities held for trade Derivatives without hedge accounting Derivatives with cash flow hedge Other financial assets Financial assets Promissory notes Commercial Paper Other financial debts Trade liabilities Derivatives without hedge accounting Derivatives with cash flow hedge Other financial liabilities Financial liabilities 

Score 0.46
Amortized cost Fair valueOCI Fair valuePL No category Total Trade receivables Cash and cash equivalents Securities held for trade Derivatives without hedge accounting Derivatives with cash flow hedge Other financial assets Financial assets Convertible bond Promissory notes Commercial Paper Other financial debts Trade liabilities Derivatives without hedge accounting Derivatives with cash flow hedge Other financial liabilities Financial liabilities 

Score 0.458
Years Buildings Other structures Equivalent titles Production plant and machinery Other plant factory and office equipment 

Score 0.457
Legal regulations on exports of military equipment The Federal Republic of Germany has one of the strictest export control systems in the world. German military equipment exports are governed by the Grundgesetz GG German Basic Law the Gesetz über die Kontrolle von Kriegswaffen KrWaffKontrG German War Weapons Control Act and the Außenwirtschaftsgesetz AWG Foreign German Trade and Payments Act in conjunction with the Außenwirtschaftsverordnung AWV German Foreign Trade and Payments Regulation. The Political Principles Adopted by the Government of the Federal Republic of Germany for the Export of War Weapons and Other Military Equipment of June provide the licensing authorities with guidelines. European and German exports of military equipment are being restricted by numerous bans licensing and reporting requirements at EU and national level. These restrictions allow the authorities to check critical exports and other foreign trade dealings with respect to arms control objectives. EU law takes precedence over national law including German law. Nonetheless according to Article TFEU Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union all member states can take measures they consider necessary for the protection of their essential national security interests. Decisions on the production of or trade in arms munitions and war materials are therefore up to the respective national lawmakers. War weapons Article of German Basic Law states that the manufacture transportation and marketing of war weapons requires a license from the German government. The details are specified in a federal law the German War Weapons Control Act KrWaffKontrG. An annex to the KrWaffKontrG the War Weapons List lists all items that are definitively regarded as war weapons. War weapons include not only devices such as battle tanks armored combat support vehicles and machine guns but also certain types of ammunition such as tank or artillery ammunition. As well as complete devices and ammunition systems certain assemblies and components such as the turret and chassis of a battle tank or the projectile warhead or fuse for certain types of ammunition are additionally defined as war weapons. The KrWaffKontrG includes an extensive licensing system for war weapons. Almost every activity relating to these goods requires a license. A license is required for the production of war weapons both during development and in series production. Transfer of the actual control over war weapons also requires a license as does the purchasing of these weapons. The transportation of war weapons within a country is also subject to licensing. Moreover the transportation of war weapons using German ships or aircraft outside German territory requires a license. Trading and brokerage transactions involving war weapons that are not intended to affect German territory are also subject to licensing. Above all the importing exporting and transit of war weapons requires a license. Exporting a war weapon requires not only the applicable licenses in accordance with the KrWaffKontrG but also an additional license for export purposes specifically an export license in accordance with the Foreign Trade and Payments Act AWG or the Foreign Trade and Payments Regulation AWV. 

Score 0.455
Personnel provisions essentially relate to variable remuneration of million previous year million and obligations from vacation overtime and flexitime accounts of million previous year million. Provisions for restructuring mainly relate to termination settlements and expenses for partial retirement obligations. The provisions for contractrelated costs comprise offset obligations of million previous year million contractual penalties of million previous year million price review risks of million previous year million contractrelated commissions of million previous year million and other contract costs of million previous year million. Miscellaneous provisions relate to environmental risks at million previous year million rebates and bonuses at million previous year million as well as other individual provisions. 

Score 0.454
A portion of the taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned operating expenditure could be allocated to salesrelated activities. The majority of our taxonomyeligible operating expenditure relates to areas in research and development that serve to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities. They are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies. In addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair of property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the EU Taxonomy Regulation. 

Score 0.452
 Trade receivables Contract assets Contract liabilities 

Score 0.452
In contrast to sales capital and operating expenditures are specifically defined by the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Accordingly capital expenditure comprises all additions to property plant and equipment and intangible assets during the fiscal year before amortization depreciation and remeasurement including additions from business combinations. Leases that do not result in recognition of a right of use of the asset are excluded. For this purpose Rheinmetall has recognized the IFRS items listed in the EU Taxonomy Regulation additions to property plant and equipment intangible assets investment property and rights of use as well as the relevant transaction types such as additions to company acquisitions additions within the Group additions to government grants and external additions. 

Score 0.452
Sales Vehicle Systems generated sales of million in fiscal exceeding the previous years figure of million by .. Adjusted for currency effects growth amounted to .. In the Tactical Vehicles business unit significant sales contributions were made by Lynx infantry fighting vehicles in Hungary and ring exchange programs in the context of the Ukraine war. The Logistic Vehicles business unit generated a large portion of its sales in fiscal from the delivery of loadhandling systems to various customers and a range of logistics vehicles from the HX TGS and TGM series. As in the previous year a considerable share of sales was generated in connection with the major Land Phase Australian order which includes a delivery of x Boxer wheeled armored vehicles. Rheinmetall Nomination At million Rheinmetall Nomination of Vehicle Systems was million higher than the previous years figure of million. A framework agreement for air assault vehicles in Germany and the Netherlands totaling more than billion was acquired in the year under review. At the same time an order for XM infantry fighting vehicles of around million was acquired in the US. Other major new orders included the second lot of Puma infantry fighting vehicles commissioned by the German government and the Leopard upgrade for Norway. Rheinmetall Backlog Vehicle Systems recorded an order backlog of million in fiscal compared with million in the previous year. Of this order backlog million is attributable to Germany million to Hungary million to the United Kingdom and million to Australia. Operating result In the operating result of Vehicle Systems improved by around million . to a total of million. As a result of sales picking up for the orders described and strict cost management the operating margin came to . and significantly exceeded the previous years figure of .. Operating free cash flow Operating free cash flow of Vehicle Systems decreased by around million year on year to million. Employees Vehicle Systems employed people as of the end of the fiscal year previous year. This increase in employees reflects the financial success of the segment and is the result in particular of the recruitment of staff to process major orders in Germany Great Britain Australia and Hungary. 

Score 0.45
The sales analysis for taxonomyeligible products was carried out for all companies in the Rheinmetall Group with Electronic Solutions Vehicle Systems and Sensors and Actuators standing out. The increase in the overall total is explained by the fact that in contrast to the previous fiscal year new economic activities such as the manufacture of drones or the refurbishment of endoflife vehicles have now been included as a result of the new environmental objectives. However they are not reported as taxonomyeligible in this fiscal year beyond their taxonomyaligned status. Simulators which meet the requirements of taxonomy alignment and were already included in the previous fiscal year also account for a significant proportion this year. In the area of components for electric vehicles such as electric water pumps used to cool batteries considerable sales were again generated in the series production business this fiscal year. As in the previous fiscal year considerable taxonomyeligible sales were also generated through the production of civilian logistics and special vehicles. In the year under review further progress was made in establishing and expanding our business areas with regard to energy management and renewable energy sources. Sales were recorded in the field of brake and transmission technology for wind turbines. 

Score 0.45
on minimum taxation Pillar Two Model Rules. The amendments also stipulate targeted disclosures in the notes that are intended to give users of the report an understanding of the degree to which the company is affected by the implementation of the global tax regulations on minimum taxation. IFRS is the new accounting standard for insurance contracts. The new standard regulates the recognition measurement and disclosure of insurance contracts and replaces the previous regulations in accordance with IFRS Insurance Contracts. The amendments to IFRS from June provide additional clarifications to IFRS and defer the date of initial application set by IASB from January to January . The other amendments to IFRS relate to the transition requirements for entities that will first apply IFRS and IFRS at the same time. The amendments improve the requirements for the comparative information presented about financial assets at initial application. The application of the amended standards had no material effect on the presentation of the Rheinmetall Groups net assets financial position and results of operations. There are also the following accounting standards amendments to standards and interpretations published but not yet applied in fiscal 

Score 0.449
 Raw materials and supplies Work in process Finished products Merchandise Prepayments made 

Score 0.448
Operating result Corporate transactions Restruc turing Others Special items PPA effects EBIT Rheinmetall Group Vehicle Systems Weapon and Ammunition Electronic Solutions Sensors and Actuators Materials and Trade Othersconsolidation 

Score 0.448
Property land Property buildings Passenger cars Other rightof use assets Total As of Additions Disposals Book transfers Currency differences As of and Additions Disposals Book transfers Adjustments in scope of consolidation Currency differences As of 

Score 0.446
Standard Name Effective date Amendments to IAS Disclosure of Accounting Policies Amendments to IAS Definition of Accounting Estimates Amendments to IAS Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction Amendments to IAS International Tax Reform Pillar Two Model Rules IFRS including Amendments to IFRS Insurance Contracts 

Score 0.444
Classification of inventories 

Score 0.443
Goodwill Development costs Sundry other intangible assets Total As of Current period Disposals Adjustment in scope of consolidation Currency differences As of and Current period Reversal Disposals Book transfers Adjustment in scope of consolidation Currency differences As of Carrying amount as of Carrying amount as of 

Score 0.441
 Inventories Contract assets Trade receivables Other current assets Income tax receivables Securities held for trade Cash and cash equivalents Assets held for sale

Score 0.44
Changes in inventories and work performed by the enterprise and capitalized 

Score 0.44
Supplier Code of Conduct 

Score 0.44
 . . . . . . . ORDER INFORMATION Booked Business million Frame Nomination million Frame Utilization million Order Intake million Rheinmetall Nomination million Nominated Backlog million Frame Backlog million Order Backlog million Rheinmetall Backlog December million CASH FLOW Cash flow from operating activities million Cash flow from investments million Operating free cash flow million Of which continuing operations

Score 0.439
We also wish to anchor our values and principles in our supply chains and therefore expect our business partners to share our principles regarding responsible and fair conduct to employees customers suppliers and the public and demonstrate this responsibility accordingly. We expect our suppliers to take into account the principles laid down in our Supplier Code of Conduct which is available in several languages and is valid worldwide in their own corporate policies and to view them as an advantageous basis for further business relationships. In October the completely revised Supplier Code of Conduct . which is aligned with the requirements of the German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act was published as a binding component of contracts with suppliers. On this basis Rheinmetall can now act more proactively in partnership with its supplier partners to improve performance sustainability and compliance aspects in the procurement process and to achieve corporate development goals at the economic social ecological and regulatory levels. 

Score 0.439
 Noncontrolling interests included in equity Dec. Assets Dec. Of which noncurrent Of which inventories Liabilities Dec. Of which noncurrent Sales Earnings after taxes Of which from minority interests Total comprehensive income Of which from minority interests Cash flows from operating activities 

Score 0.438
 Carrying amount WACC before taxes WACC after taxes Carrying amount WACC before taxes WACC after taxes Vehicle Systems Europe . . Vehicle Systems International . . Vehicle Systems . . Weapon and Ammunition . . . . Electronic Solutions . . . . Sensors and Actuators . . . . Materials and Trade . . . . Group . . . . 

Score 0.437
available to the sites for verification. After verification and any necessary adjustments as well as documentation of evidence this package was merged centrally. Appendix C Generic criteria for DNSH to pollution prevention and control regarding use and presence of chemicals required a more comprehensive consideration and interpretation. In this context the terms production placing on the market and use were defined as follows Production A harmful substance is produced for the first time in ones own company. This does not yet include an external effect. Placing on the market The harmful substance is introduced onto the market for the first time by the own company and thus has an external effect. Use A harmful substance or a product containing the harmful substance is introduced into a product by the company for the first time in production manufacturing or assembly. It should be noted that traceability over several stages of the value chain cannot currently be guaranteed. With this determination the examination of the requirements of appendix C was handed over to the divisions and examined there for each individual taxonomy asset. The result was then made available again centrally added to the package for evaluation of the DNSH criteria and thus ended the review process. 

Score 0.437
The Rheinmetall Groups internal control system related to the accounting process includes all principles procedures and measures which ensure by both organizational and technical means that all business processes and transactions are recorded in the accounting system promptly accurately and consistently. In addition to defined control mechanisms e.g. manual coordination processes and technical coordination processes for systems this includes the separation of administrative executive settlement and approval functions together with guidelines and operating instructions. Changes to the economic legal and regulatory environment of the Rheinmetall Group are analyzed to determine whether adjustments to the accountingrelated control system are necessary. Accounting guidelines Our IFRS accounting guidelines cover all the regulations of the International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS that are of relevance to Rheinmetall AG. They explain the IFRS regulations and specify accounting procedures. The guidelines must be observed by all companies included in the consolidated financial statements thereby ensuring standardized accounting. The accounting guidelines are reviewed at least once a year and amended where necessary. Companies are informed about specific changes to guidelines. The content of the guidelines is the responsibility of the main Accounting department of Rheinmetall AG. 

Score 0.436
Rheinmetall Landsysteme GmbH carries out various projects to extend the useful life of tactical vehicles. This involves completely dismantling old vehicles down to the vehicle hull and refurbishing or modernizing them. In some cases pollutants are also removed during dismantling. This is done by completely stripping the paint from the vehicles. This involves removing the chromium VIcontaining primers used until which are harmful to health. All economic activities in which both dismantling and the removal of harmful substances such as complete paint stripping are carried out are considered taxonomycompliant. 

Score 0.435
 Other noncurrent assets Noncurrent assets Inventories Trade receivables Other current assets Current assets Provisions Other noncurrent liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Provisions Trade liabilities Other current liabilities Current liabilities 

Score 0.435
Amendments to IAS and IFRS Supplier Finance Arrangements Amendments to IAS Lack of Exchangeability Amendments to IFRS and IAS Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture Date of initial application postponed indefinitely 

Score 0.433
Sales Weapon and Ammunition generated sales of million in the year under review. Measured against the previous year this represents an increase in sales of million or .. In addition to Germany significant growth impetus came from other NATO states in Eastern Europe and from Ukraine. Additional contributions came from the Spanish ammunition manufacturer Expal Systems S.A.U. transfer of operating activities on August with sales of around million in five months and from the Protection Systems business unit which increased its sales by million yearonyear mainly due to internal deliveries for protected vehicle cabins around million. Rheinmetall Nomination Weapon and Ammunition achieved a new record of million more than doubling nominations with a yearonyear increase of million. Two multiyear framework agreements for tank ammunition . billion and artillery ammunition . billion with the German customer particularly stand out here. Reflecting the new European security situation significant volumes have already been called off for artillery ammunition in particular. In addition to these calloffs the increase in the order intake is largely due to direct orders from Ukraine of . billion. Rheinmetall Backlog The order backlog increased significantly as a result of the consistently high order intake from countries such as Germany Ukraine the Netherlands and Australia. Based on the million higher frame nominations and associated outstanding calloffs from framework contracts worth . billion Rheinmetall Backlog has increased by million to a record level of million. Operating result The operating result of Weapon and Ammunition rose by million to around million in fiscal previous year million mainly due to the higher sales volume. The operating margin improved from . in the previous year to . in the year under review due to intensified cost optimization measures and a more profitable product mix in the traditional ammunition business. This includes an contribution of million from the acquired company Expal Systems. Operating free cash flow Operating free cash flow of Weapon and Ammunition rose by a significant million yearonyear to million. The improvement with more than million resulted from a more positive development in operating working capital as compared to the previous year. Higher incoming payments and advance payments from customers more than compensated for the effects from the increase in inventories and the higher capital expenditure on capacity expansion. Employees Weapon and Ammunition employed a total of people as of the end of the fiscal year. This equates to an increase in the workforce of Personen compared with the previous year and reflects sales growth. As a result of the acquisition of the Spanish ammunition manufacturer Expal new employees joined the division as of August . The additional increase of employees goes hand in hand with the growth in sales. 

Score 0.432
met Fair value through other comprehensive income Derivatives Fair value through profit or loss All other financial assets Fair value through profit or loss Equity and liabilities Provisions for pensions and similar obligation Present value of DBO Other provisions Discounted settlement amount Financial liabilities Amortized cost Trade liabilities Amortized cost Other liabilities Derivatives Fair value Miscellaneous Amortized cost 

Score 0.431
 Reversal of provisions Government grants Sundry rental agreements and leases Residualscrap disposal Reversal of assets excl. financial assets Disposal of fixed assetsdivestments Refunds Miscellaneous operating income 

Score 0.431
 Notes to the statement of financial position Goodwill other intangible assets Rightofuse assets Property plant and equipment Investment property Investments accounted for using the equity method Inventories Other assets Securities held for trade Cash and cash equivalents Equity Provisions for pensions and similar obligations Other provisions Financial debts Other liabilities Other explanatory information Notes to the statement of cash flows Notes to the segment report Contingent liabilities Additional information on financial instruments Share programs Other information on related parties Auditors fees Voting rights notifications Exercise of exemption provisions under German Commercial Code HGB Corporate Governance Events after the end of the reporting period Shareholdings Consolidated income statement Consoliated statement of comprehensive income Consolidated statement of financial position Consolidated statement of cash flows Consolidated statement of changes in equity NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Segment report Summary of accounting principles General information New and amended accounting standards Accounting policies Currency translation Consolidation principles Scope of consolidation Material acquisitions Discontinued operations Notes to the income statement Sales Changes in inventories and work performed by the enterprise and capitalized Other operating income Cost of materials Personnel expenses Amortization depreciation and impairment Other operating expenses Income taxes Earnings per share 

Score 0.43
The earnings of the previous year include a reduction in earnings before taxes of million and a tax benefit of million from the writedown of the disposal groups and the assets held for sale in the form of investments to fair value less costs to sell and from reversals of writedowns limited by amortized cost. As of Decembe the smallbore pistons business and the investment in Kolbenschmidt Huayu Piston Co. Ltd. China were also written down to fair value less costs to sell. This resulted in a reduction in earnings before taxes of million and a tax benefit of million. For the smallbore pistons business and the investment in Kolbenschmidt Huayu Piston Co. Ltd. the fair value less costs to sell underlying each measurement as of December was determined on the basis of the contractually agreed purchase price and estimates with regard to costs to sell yet to be incurred. The assets classified as held for sale and directly associated liabilities of the disposal groups along with the carrying amounts of investments accounted for using the equity method are shown in the following table 

Score 0.428
With trade receivables measured at amortized cost the carrying amount approximates the fair value. The market value of financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value is determined on the basis of input factors observed directly or indirectly on the market level . The foreign exchange rates applicable at the end of the reporting period and the yield curves are key inputs in calculating the fair value of derivatives for currency hedges. The discounted cash flow method is used for currency swaps and currency forwards. The fair value of the commodity futures is derived from the market price as of the measurement date. Fund units held for trading were measured at the market value for each asset class until the reversal of the investment. The other financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss include the shares in Shriram Pistons Rings Ltd. As these are traded on the Indian stock exchange the input factors can be directly observed on the market Level . Please refer to the information under note Other Assets. The net result from financial assets and liabilities allocated to the category at fair value through profit or loss amounted to income of million previous year loss of million. For financial assets and liabilities not allocated to a measurement category in accordance with IFRS this resulted in income of million previous year income of million. The carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments that are measured at amortized cost and whose carrying amounts do not approximate fair value are shown below. 

Score 0.425
The denominator of operating expenditures is limited to certain expenses. Consequently the taxonomyrelevant transactions are also only a subset of this limited unit. The denominator must include direct noncapitalized expenses incurred for research and development building renovation measures shortterm leasing maintenance and repair and all other direct expenses from the maintenance of property plant and equipment to ensure operational readiness. Here too we have used standardized reporting formats and thus include maintenance costs expenses for shortterm and lowvalue leases and noncapitalized expenses for research and development. The additional determination of expenses for the daily maintenance of assets has been carried out since . Rheinmetall understands this to mean internal expenses incurred in connection with maintenance and repair by its own personnel and therefore not included in other operating expenses. When evaluating the cost centers care is taken to ensure that the total costs are adjusted for individual costs where necessary for the required data reporting in order to avoid double counting when determining the key figures. 

Score 0.422
The amendments to IAS in relation to disclosure of accounting policies clarify that only material accounting policies must be explained in the notes. Material information specifically includes companyspecific information in connection with material events or transactions such as complex accounting facts the use of an accounting option or the change of accounting policies. The amendments to IAS aim to clarify the distinction between accounting changes and a change in estimates. It is stated that accounting estimates relate to monetary values in the financial statements subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments to IAS Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction clarify that the initial recognition exemption provided in IAS does not apply to certain transactions. Accordingly the initial recognition exemption no longer applies to transactions in which equal amounts of deductible and taxable temporary differences arise on initial recognition. This amendment means that deferred tax is recognized on leases accounted for by the lessee and on decommissioning obligations. The further amendments to IAS International Tax Reform Pillar Two Model Rules comprise a temporary mandatory exception to the accounting for deferred taxes arising from the introduction of the global regulations 

Score 0.422
The recording of taxonomyrelevant economic activities was carried out using a decentralized topdown approach. The organizational structure of the Rheinmetall Group was the guiding principle here so the screening and allocation of economic activities took place at division level as well as at the level of the Rheinmetall AG Rheinmetall Real Estate Rheinmetall IT Solutions and Rheinmetall Technology Center business units. As part of this the determination was divided into three phases identification of relevant category sets allocation of economic activities taxonomy eligibility and taxonomy alignment testing. The categories were identified for all six environmental objectives. A comprehensive assessment was carried out for the final delegated regulation published by the EU Commission in June on the environmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. On this basis the relevant categories with the associated criteria sets were identified and all nonapplicable categories were excluded. For environmental objective climate change adaptation no economic activity was identified in the allocation of economic activities phase. As in previous years this was therefore not taken into account. Similarly no economic activity could be identified for the environmental objective sustainable use and 

Score 0.422
 Cost of raw materials supplies and merchandise purchased Cost of services purchased 

Score 0.422
Nonfinancial undertakings must disclose material information on investment planning for each of their specified economic activities. There is currently no clear interpretation of what the investment plan includes meaning that different interpretations exist with regard to the market. As part of its investment planning Rheinmetall considers all investments that are planned for current and future taxonomyaligned activities. Investments that serve to convert current taxonomyeligible business into future taxonomyaligned business are also considered. In addition to capital expenditure noncapitalized development costs for taxonomyaligned business activities are 

Score 0.421
Customer contracts in security technology include the manufacture and supply of goods service contracts for service and maintenance activities and the provision of development services. Sales are realized at the time of transfer of control which is agreed individually. In particular sales are recognized at a point in time for orders for protection and weapon systems and for ammunition. In the business areas of civilian mobility contracts with customers relate primarily to serial deliveries of modules and systems for engine technology. The customers are predominantly large automotive manufacturers. As a rule sales are recognized at the time of delivery. Sales are recognized over time for customerspecific contract manufacturing. This predominantly applies to contracts with customers in the Electronic Solutions division to development and pilot production contracts and to the delivery of vehicle programs. The sales for include million previous year million which resulted from the inclusion of a financing component. The following contract balances result from contracts with customers 

Score 0.42
Materials and Trade 

Score 0.419
The key accounting policies and measurement principles applied to Rheinmetall AGs consolidated financial statements are described below. Cost Cost includes the purchase price and all incidental costs that can be directly with the exception of company acquisitions as defined by IFRS and financial instruments measured at fair value attributed to the purchase. In the event of an exchange cost equals the fair value of the asset given in an exchange of assets transaction as of the date of the exchange whereby any cash compensation is accounted for accordingly. Cost includes all expenditures that are directly attributable to the production process and an appropriate share of productionrelated overheads. The latter comprise material and production overheads including productionrelated depreciation and social security expenses as well as pro rata administrative costs. Overheads are allocated to production costs on the basis of the production facilities normal capacity utilization. Financing costs are capitalized as costs if they relate to assets which are produced or purchased over a period exceeding one year. Grants and allowances Government grants provided for the acquisition of an asset are deducted from the corresponding capital expenditures. Any government grants for expenses for purposes other than investment activities are recognized as deferred income and amortized to profit via other operating income when the related expenses are incurred. Private investmentrelated grants from customers are also recognized as deferred income and amortized to profit over the contract term. If economic ownership of the subsidized asset is transferred to the customer sales are recognized on the date of the transfer. Impairment If there are indications of impairment on an asset or a cashgenerating unit CGU and the recoverable amount is less than the amortized cost an impairment loss is recognized. If indications for impairment cease to exist impairment losses are reversed with the exception of goodwill. The reversal cannot exceed the value of amortized cost that would have resulted if no impairment had been charged. Goodwill Goodwill in the amount of the potential benefit is allocated to the cashgenerating units at the level of which management monitors goodwill. It is not amortized but instead is tested for impairment once a year at the end of the reporting period and during the year if there are indications of impairment. The impairment test compares the carrying amount to the recoverable amount. Fair value less costs to sell determined applying the discounted cash flow method based on the current corporate planning is used as the recoverable amount. If this value is below the carrying amount a check is made as to whether the value in use results in a higher recoverable amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount impairment is recognized down to the recoverable amount which is reported as a writedown. The subsequent reversal of writedowns is not permitted. 

Score 0.418
Letter to shareholders Combined management report Consolidated financial statement Further information Nonfinancial aspects of business activities Procurement and the supply chain 

Score 0.417
Securities held for trade 

Score 0.416
. Identified criteria sets relevant for sales 

Score 0.416
Key figures Materials and Trade 

Score 0.415
 Of which continuing operations Of which discontinued operations Investments in property plant and equipment intangible assets and investment property Cash inflowsoutflows from the disposal of property plant and equipment intangible assets and investment property Cash inflows from disinvestments in consolidated companies and financial assets Cash inflowsoutflows for investments in consolidated companies and financial assets Cash inoutflows fromfor securities held for trade Cash flow from investing activities Of which continuing operations Of which discontinued operations Dividends paid out by Rheinmetall AG Other profit distributions Increase in shares in consolidated subsidiaries Borrowing of other financial debts Repayment of other financial debts Cash inflows from the issuance of convertible bonds Addition to equity Cash inflows from the issuance of convertible bonds Fair value financial liability Transaction costs for the issuance of convertible bonds Cash flow from financing activities Of which continuing operations Of which discontinued operations Changes in cash and cash equivalents Changes in cash and cash equivalents due to exchange rates Total change in cash and cash equivalents Opening cash and cash equivalents January Closing cash and cash equivalents December Closing cash and cash equivalents December from discontinued operations Cash and cash equivalents as per consolidated statement of financial position December 

Score 0.414
Letter to shareholders Combined management report Consolidated financial statement Further information Nonfinancial aspects of business activities Procurement and the supply chain RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 

Score 0.414
Regulations on other military equipment Other types of military equipment are listed in Part I Section A of the Export List an annex to the German Foreign Trade and Payments Regulation. In particular the export of these goods requires a license. The term goods and therefore the export controls apply not just to goods but to technology and software as well. Licenses are also needed for some types of technical support i.e. the transfer of intangible knowledge and capabilities and for some trading and brokerage transactions. It is generally possible to import other types of military equipment without a license. National regulations on trade and exports of military equipment The Federal Republic of Germany is entitled to restrict the foreign trade and in particular the export of military equipment including war weapons by imposing licensing requirements or bans for example to safeguard the material security interests of the Federal Republic of Germany to prevent a disturbance to the peaceful coexistence of nations or a major disruption to the foreign relations of the Federal Republic of Germany to safeguard the public order or security of the Federal Republic of Germany or another member state of the European Union or in the interests of the European Union and in addition to implement the decisions of the European Council on economic sanctions within the sphere of Common Foreign and Security Policy to carry out the obligations of the member states of the European Union that are stipulated in directly applicable binding acts of the European Union on the imposition of economic sanctions in the sphere of Common Foreign and Security Policy and to implement resolutions of the United Nations Security Council or intergovernmental agreements. Regulations on trade of military equipment at EU level The adoption of the Council Common Position CFSP defining common rules governing control of exports of military technology and equipment of December created a legally binding regime for all EU member states. The Council Common Position of December sets out a total of eight criteria for assessing export license applications. It gives mention to an EU Common Military List which largely matches the corresponding lists of controlled military equipment of the EU member states. Controlled goods that come under these lists are largely defined and amended by the international export control regime. The Wassenaar Arrangement WA in particular governs the export controls of conventional military equipment and dualuse goods and related technology. The Australia Group AG is active in the area of chemical and biological agents and dualuse goods and technologies. Furthermore the aim of preventing proliferation is pursued by the Missile Technology Control Regime MTCR in the area of ballistic missiles and by the Nuclear Suppliers Group NSG in the area of nuclear weapons. The goods in the respective item lists in the Annex to the EU DualUse Regulation and German export lists are reflected in German law. International regulations on trade of military equipment There has been a set of internationally applicable standards for the trade of conventional military equipment since the Arms Trade Treaty ATT came into force in December . On April the United Nations General Assembly approved a resolution by a large majority to adopt the text of the Arms Trade Treaty. The treaty came into force on December . A total of countries have signed the treaty to date including Germany. Decision of the German government on exports of military equipment The German government makes decisions on exports of military equipment based on its Political Principles for the Export of War Weapons and Other Military Equipment. These political principles take into account the German War Weapons Control Act and the Foreign Trade and Payments Act in conjunction with the European Council Common Position of December defining common rules governing control of exports of military technology and equipment the Arms Trade Treaty that came into force on December and any respective subsequent regulations. The criteria laid down in the Common Position and any subsequent regulations form an integral part of these political principles. The principles on the export of military equipment from June expressly prohibit the export of small arms and light weapons to third countries. Licenses for these weapons and the associated ammunition are now issued by the federal government only in exceptional cases. If the political principles set out more restrictive measures than the Common Position they take precedence. Licenses for the export of war weapons and other military equipment are granted only on the basis of reliable prior knowledge of end use by the intended enduser. This generally requires appropriate written assurance by the enduser in the official enduser certificate. The granting of licenses can additionally be made contingent upon the recipient country giving its consent to onsite postshipment controls in line with the federal governments adopted key points for the introduction of postshipment controls for German military equipment exports and any subsequent regulations. 

Score 0.414
Goodwill Development costs Sundry other intangible assets Total As of Additions Disposals Book transfers Adjustment in scope of consolidation Currency differences As of and Additions Disposals Book transfers Adjustment in scope of consolidation Currency differences As of 

Score 0.414
Inventories 

Score 0.413
This category includes the preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components at the end of their service life. MS Motorservice France S. A. S. MSF procures endoflife turbochargers reconditions them and sells them as refurbished. Without the reconditioning described above the turbochargers would either be partially recycled or disposed of as waste and would therefore be at the end of their service life. As part of the reconditioning process they are prepared so that they can be reused in a vehicle without further processing. The sales associated with the described activity are therefore to be regarded as taxonomycompliant in the present category. 

Score 0.413
In fiscal the Rheinmetall Group generated consolidated sales of million. This meant that sales were up by million or . on the previous years figure. Adjusted for exchange rate and MA effects of million sales growth was .. The segments in the area of security technology in particular contributed to the growth in sales in fiscal year . The growth was particularly apparent in Vehicle Systems million and Weapon and Ammunition million . These segments benefited from rising demand as a result of the turning point in security policy ushered in by the Ukraine war. At the international share of consolidated sales in the year under review was higher than the previous years figure of . million or previous year of consolidated sales was attributable to sales generated in Germany. The proportion of sales generated with customers in the rest of Europe was million or previous year . The Americas region has a sales share of previous year and the Asia region including the Near East a share of previous year . In the other regions above all Australia sales of million were generated accounting for of total sales previous year . 

Score 0.411
Composition of changes in inventory and work performed by the enterprise and capitalized 

Score 0.41
value of million previous year negative fair value of million was reclassified to inventories and no amount previous year negative fair value of million was transferred to an investment in the year under review. For derivatives in hedge accounting the nominal volumes for currency and commodity hedges are shown below. For significant currency pairs and commodity hedges the average hedging rates are also shown. 

Score 0.409
The reputation of Rheinmetall the success of the business and the trust of customers investors employees and the general public depend not only on the quality of our products and services but also to a large degree on good corporate governance and in particular on effective compliance processes. In line with our values and our Code of Conduct we are committed to conduct characterized by responsibility integrity respect and fairness. Compliance is an integral part of the corporate culture at Rheinmetall. Our binding compliance policy serves to safeguard our business success on a lasting basis. The members of the Executive Board and managers executives and employees have an obligation to comply at all times in their working environment with all the applicable countryspecific laws external and internal regulations and other provisions to conduct themselves correctly in business dealings to preserve the companys tangible and intangible assets and to avoid anything that may result in operational or financial disadvantages or damage to the image of individual companies or the Rheinmetall Group. We do not tolerate any damage to our companys standing and to the reputation of our employees or agents as a result of unlawful andor unethical behavior or corrupt business practices. With deliveries made to many countries around the globe reliable guidance in a national and international environment is essential. The Chief Compliance Officer who reports directly to the Chairman of the Executive Board is responsible for Compliance and Data Privacy at holding company level. Compliance is divided into the areas of Compliance Program with the functional areas Prevention Regulation and Business Partners Central Investigations with the functions Investigation Office and Allegation Management and Social Compliance with the function Supply Chain Risk. As an independent organizational unit Data Protection is divided into two functional areas. The focus in the Group Data Protection organization is on consulting process design project management and case handling in all data privacy matters. The internal Rheinmetall Group Data Protection Officer is responsible for monitoring compliance with statutory data protection requirements throughout the Group. In this function he or she reports to the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board of Rheinmetall AG. The Chief Compliance Officer is also responsible for the compliance field organization comprising the divisional compliance teams the Regional Compliance Officers abroad and the central holding support as part of the strongly normative management. The roles of Corporate Compliance Officer for Central Europe with a focus on 

Score 0.408
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Segment report 

Score 0.405
The Rheinmetall Group comprises Rheinmetall Aktiengesellschaft a listed stock corporation established under the laws of Germany and entered in the commercial register of the District Court of Düsseldorf under the number HRB and its subsidiaries. The Articles of Association of the company were last amended on May . Rheinmetall AG is the parent company of the Rheinmetall Group and has its registered office in Düsseldorf Germany at the Group headquarters. As the management holding company it defines the longterm strategic orientation and corporate policy of the Rheinmetall Group. It also performs control and governance functions and provides services to the Group companies. Its most important tasks include specifying targets and guidelines optimizing the investment portfolio central financing risk management and filling management positions in the Group. Support and service functions such as finances HR corporate communications law taxation internal auditing compliance corporate social responsibility and mergers acquisitions are performed at Group level. Rheinmetall AG ensures that there is a Groupwide standardized planning control and management process in place and within the context of the compliance management system it monitors the Groupwide implementation of laws guidelines and regulations in accordance with a set of uniform criteria. With effect from October the Vehicle Systems Division was reorganised at management level. It was divided into the Vehicle Systems Europe and Vehicle Systems International divisions. Vehicle Systems Europe primarily focuses on the European market not including Great Britain while Vehicles Systems International concentrates on the markets of Australia the US and Great Britain. This will allow the group to better address the specific challenges and opportunities of the respective markets. Both divisions already have their own management team and are directly managed by the Executive Board. Corporate management and control In external reporting the two divisions are presented as one segment Vehicle Systems. To ensure that the structure of the Group better reflects the technologies products and business areas it covers individual companies were also allocated to different divisions or to the Group service companies and other nonoperating companies in line with their business activity with effect from October . This had a particular impact on Weapon and Ammunition and Electronic Solutions. The smallbore business area is managed as a noncore business outside the structure of the group. In December Rheinmetall and Comitans Capital AG signed a sale and purchase agreement for the entire smallbore business area. They are aiming to close the transaction which is still subject to approval by the relevant authorities as of March . The transfer of technology between the individual parts of the Group and a focus on futuredriven technologies and business areas with large potential for sustained growth and value enhancement are the cornerstones of the structure. 

Score 0.405
While recording this a distinction was made between business activities that are always associated with the intention of generating external sales and those that are not. The activities aimed at generating sales regardless of whether sales capital expenditures or operating expenditures were concerned were examined for possible doublecounting effects as there is a risk of this with regard to internal value added in particular. This approach has eliminated existing uncertainties. In the case of manufacturing overheads procedures were applied that assumed an interdependence between sales and operating costs of the respective product. It was not possible to break down the overhead costs separately. However this procedure ensured that there was no double counting. Activities that pursue a goal other than generating sales particularly energyrelated measures were analyzed on the basis of itemizations. This did not reveal any anomalies. 

Score 0.405
In compliance with legislation and commercial interests the Supervisory Board has created five committees to perform its control and monitoring tasks efficiently. In doing so it pursues the aim of making its work more efficient by having complex timeconsuming matters requiring extensive discussion dealt with in smaller groups and prepared for the entire Supervisory Board in the same way as proposed resolutions for decision by the Supervisory Board as a whole. In individual cases the committees also have decisionmaking powers if these have been transferred by the Supervisory Board. The meetings are convened by the committee chair. With the exception of the Nomination Committee which consists of three solely shareholder representatives the committees are based on joint representation and have an equal number of shareholder and employee representatives. Each of these committees has adopted rules of procedure that set forth their composition their responsibilities and rules of procedure for resolutions in these bodies. 

Score 0.404
In fiscal a total of nine companies were added to the group of consolidated subsidiaries through being founded and three through being acquired. The disposals of fully consolidated subsidiaries from the scope of consolidation are attributable to three sales. In fiscal the scope of consolidation was expanded by three additions to joint operations in the form of newly founded entities. With regard to the investments accounted for using the equity method one joint venture and one associate were founded. Two associates left the scope of consolidation by way of the sale of shares. Further information can be found under note Discontinued operations. The companies included in the consolidated financial statements and all shareholdings in accordance with section HGB are listed in the list of shareholdings under note of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Score 0.403
Subsidiaries Besides Rheinmetall AG the consolidated financial statements include all German and foreign subsidiaries over which Rheinmetall AG can directly or indirectly exercise a controlling influence. Rheinmetall AG controls an entity if it holds the majority of voting rights or other rights and is therefore able to steer the significant activities of the investee is exposed to the risk of variable returns from the investment and can use its power over the investee to influence its returns. Receivables and payables expenses and income and intercompany profitslosses among consolidated companies are eliminated. Taxes are deferred for all temporary differences from the consolidation of receivablespayables incomeexpenses and the elimination of intercompany profitslosses. A subsidiary is included in consolidation for the first time in accordance with the acquisition method. The assets and liabilities acquired are carried at fair value at the time of acquisition. Any positive difference between the purchase cost and the pro rata net assets of the acquired company is reported as goodwill under intangible assets. Any badwill is recognized in other operating income. The cost of the acquired subsidiary equals the fair values of the assets given liabilities assumed and equity instruments issued by the acquirer in exchange for the acquisition. Any acquisitionrelated costs incurred are recognized as other operating expenses. Joint ventures and associates Jointly controlled entities in which Rheinmetall has rights to the net assets of the investee joint ventures are included in the consolidated financial statements using the equity method. Entities over which Rheinmetall can exert significant influence associates are also recognized using the equity method. On firsttime inclusion based on the cost at the time the investment interest is acquired the respective investment carrying amount is increased or decreased by changes in equity of the joint venture or associate to the extent these can be attributed to equity interest of the Rheinmetall Group. Goodwill for these investments is calculated in line with the principles applying to full consolidation. Any resulting goodwill is included in the investment carrying amount. If there are intercompany profits from transactions between the Rheinmetall Group and the joint venture or associate these are eliminated on a pro rata basis. Joint operations In joint operations the jointly controlling parties have rights to the assets and liabilities of the joint arrangement. In the consolidated financial statements the assets liabilities expenses and income attributable to the jointly controlling parties are recognized pro rata. 

Score 0.402
The goal of making the processes projects and tasks enshrined in the compliance management system more measurable and transparent is achieved with a reporting tool. More than employees entrusted with a compliance function in around units of the company make use of the many opportunities to track assess and manage the status of a large number of compliancerelevant processes and projects at various organizational levels of the Rheinmetall Group. These include reporting on the status quo of training courses audits risk analyses consulting focal points processes compliance levels for guideline rollouts and the recording of project statuses. The associated evaluation options will now enable compliance reporting to the Executive Board and Supervisory Board to focus on identified compliance risk areas and the mitigation measures established as well as the related KPIs. Corporate Compliance Compliance Program Regulation Taking account of or on the basis of external conditions such as laws regulations etc. and internal organizational requirements the Executive Board of Rheinmetall AG issues regulations for the Rheinmetall Group so that all employees concerned act in line with standardized processes. Regulation Management which is based in the central Corporate Compliance department provides support with the preparation and management of conduct and processrelated regulations of Rheinmetall AG for the Rheinmetall Group. To ensure a standardized procedure the Regulation Management Manual is available. This manual is aimed primarily at publishers and authors as well as members of the Executive Board and management bodies but also includes several interfaces at all organizational levels. In the Central Regulations Register on the Groups intranet all regulations approved by the Executive Board can be called up at any time. These are provided in German and English in line with the corporate languages. Using a continuously updated summary all employees can obtain a quick overview of the professionally regulated topics. Corporate Compliance Compliance Program Business Partners As a shared service center the central Compliance Due Diligence center of expertise conducts not only preemployment checks on applicants for key positions but also all compliance due diligence checks on new and existing business partners e.g. procurement cooperation and sales partners on a Groupwide basis. The focus lies here on determining whether the commitment is legally permissible whether all attributable people can be identified know your customer KYC and know your supplier KYS and whether conflicts of interest are excluded. The general performance and integrity of the business partner are also assessed. The local compliance organization will continue concentrating on assessing the transactionspecific compliance risk associated with the commitment of a business partner at company level. The center of expertise will be integrated into daytoday operational business through various technical and procedural interfaces. There is already a relatively high degree of digitalization in the Compliance Due Diligence organization. In addition to a specific management database for selecting managing and monitoring cooperation and sales partners the whole integrity due diligence process can now be performed via a secure online platform as well. As part of special projects large quantities of data from business partners were migrated to the electronic thirdparty management system again in the year under review. In the past fiscal year apart from the business partners screened by the automated procedure around business partners and people who applied for key positions at the Rheinmetall Group were subjected to nonautomated screening in procedures of varying complexity depending on the risk. An additional existing partners were automatically transferred to monitoring and processed by way of bulk uploads. Corporate Compliance Central Investigation If employees have information on questionable activities that have been observed specific breaches of regulations or business practices that may be prohibited they can contact not only their line manager but also and in full confidence various internal offices as well as an independent external ombudsperson lawyer and so avert losses for the company. Incident management is also supported by the electronic whistleblower platform Integrity Line which has been implemented throughout the Group. In addition employees can contact the compliance organization directly if they suspect or know of breaches of regulations or business practices. In addition to employees external parties can also contact the ombudsperson by telephone or email send an email to speakuprheinmetall.com or contact a specialist compliance officer by telephone. 

Score 0.402
In all our production processes we strive to be efficient in our use of materials. We prevent reduce or recycle waste or dispose of it in a safe and environmentally friendly way. We aim to keep disposal quantities to as low a level as possible. Production and materialrelated recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site. This entails waste separation secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes. Waste quantities and recycling methods are also impacted by production quantities and renovation work in buildings and on business premises. The Groupwide waste volume of tonnes in the reporting year compared to tonnes in the previous year is the result of our increased business volume. 

Score 0.402
Business performance in the segments 

Score 0.401
Investment property is carried at cost less cumulative depreciation and impairment. Depreciation is recognized on a straightline basis over a useful life of to years. Financial instruments The firsttime recognition of financial instruments is at fair value. In the case of a financial asset that is not measured at fair value through profit or loss incidental costs are included on firsttime recognition. Standard market purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized for the first time on the settlement date. This is the date when the financial instrument is delivered or the payment is made. Notwithstanding this derivatives are recognized for the first time as of the date when the contract is concluded or the trading date. There are three measurement categories for the subsequent measurement of financial instruments measurement at amortized cost measurement at fair value through other comprehensive income FVOCI and measurement at fair value through profit or loss FVTPL. The relevant measurement category for a financial instrument depends on the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset and the entitys business model for managing financial assets. If the contractual cash flows comprise solely payments of principal and interest SPPI and the business model is hold financial instruments are measured at amortized cost. Financial instruments with SPPI cash flows but the hold and sell business model are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. If the SPPI criterion is not met the financial instruments are likewise measured at fair value but the changes in value are recognized through profit or loss. In the case of debt instruments changes in value can be recognized through profit or loss despite fulfillment of the SPPI criterion by exercising the fair value option. Currently there are no situations in which the fair value option is used for debt instruments. In the case of equity instruments the fair value OCI option provides the opportunity to recognize any changes in value that arise through other comprehensive income. Trade receivables and liquid financial assets are generally measured at amortized cost. Trade receivables classified by Group companies as available for sale must be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. Other financial assets measured at amortized cost are discounted by applying rates that match their maturity on firsttime recognition and written down using the effective interest method. As of the end of the reporting period the default risk of financial assets is checked and if necessary an impairment recognized on the basis of expected losses. For trade receivables the simplified method is used applying the customer credit rating and specific country risks. The loss allowance for expected default risks is recognized in the income statement. Cash and cash equivalents are measured at amortized cost. Cash and cash equivalents comprise any liquid assets with a remaining term of less than three months at the date of their purchase. Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognized in the income statement. If the conditions under IFRS are met they are accounted for as cash flow hedges. The effective portion of the changes in the fair value of the designated derivative is recognized in equity in the hedge reserve. The cumulative changes in fair value are reclassified from equity to the income statement if the hedged item is recognized in the income statement. Changes in the fair value attributable to the ineffective portion of the hedge are always recognized in the income statement. Financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Compound financial instruments Rheinmetall has issued a compound financial instrument in the form of a convertible bond. Provided certain criteria are met the convertible bond grants the holder the right to convert it into a certain number of shares. On initial recognition the liability component of the compound financial instrument is recognized at the fair value of a similar bond without a conversion right. The equity component is recognized in the amount of the difference between the fair value of the total compound financial instrument and the fair value of the liability component. Directly attributable transaction costs are allocated to the debt and equity components in the ratio of their carrying amounts on initial recognition. 

Score 0.401
Default risk expected credit risk The default risk from financial assets is that the other contractual party does not fulfill its obligations. The maximum risk is the carrying amount recognized. In order to minimize the default risk with derivative financial instrument contracts the Rheinmetall Group sets high requirements in respect of its counterparties restricting itself exclusively to banks with impeccable ratings. The Rheinmetall Group monitors and tracks the default risk on customer receivables at the level of its operating units in line with the corporate policies for proper debtor management. Individual assessments where appropriate based on current trends and qualitative information can be used in addition to databasesupported rating and default data of an external data supplier. Current del credere risks are covered by valuation allowances. There are no significant valuation allowances for customer receivables at the Rheinmetall Group. Given the type of business and the customer structure default rarely occurs and instead there are only delays in payment. There were no other material impairments not recognized on the basis of collateral. In addition potential default risks are assessed on an individual basis in connection with longterm orders and reduced or hedged by means of prepayments credit insurance guarantees or letters of credit. The risk provision for general default risk calculated according to the simplified approach for the measurement of trade receivables amounted to million in previous year million. million of this relates to receivables more than days past due previous year million. The risk calculated using business modelspecific default rates for receivables up to days past due is less than . previous year less than .. As of the end of the reporting period there were no indications that the debtors of any receivables past due will fail to make payment. Because of the customer structure the risk does not significantly increase even when the receivables are a long time past due. 

Score 0.4
 Cost As of Book transfers Book transfers IFRS As of Amortization and depreciationimpairment As of Current period Book transfers Book transfers IFRS As of Carrying amount as of 

Score 0.4
The assets from contract acquisition see note Other assets relate to contracts with customers in security technology and essentially comprise commissions for agents and indirect offset costs. Offset costs are usually incurred for contracts with customers in which the customer wishes to support the local economy in order to offset an import business through an additional agreement. Indirect offset costs are costs that are incurred in addition to the manufacturingrelated costs. The assets are recognized at the time the costs arise and are written down in line with the sales recognition over the time of contract fulfillment. The order backlog as of December reflects the total of performance obligations not fulfilled or partly not yet fulfilled. Besides the contract value the order backlog also includes adjustments from variable remuneration such as indexbased price adjustment clauses which are customary on longerterm orders. Future sales from the order backlog are expected for the following periods 

Score 0.193
Chairman Peter Sebastian Krause Lawyer Director of Industrial Relations January to December Rheinmetall Electronics GmbH

Score 0.02
In fiscal year no Executive Board member received payments from a third party with regard to their work as an Executive Board member. 

Score 0.16
Contractual target remuneration 