Scores_c_MANUFACTURINGScore 0.615
In all our production processes we strive to be efficient in our use of materials. We prevent reduce or recycle waste or dispose of it in a safe and environmentally friendly way. We aim to keep disposal quantities to as low a level as possible. Production and materialrelated recycling takes place individually based on the requirements of the specific site. This entails waste separation secure disposal methods and economically viable recycling processes. Waste quantities and recycling methods are also impacted by production quantities and renovation work in buildings and on business premises. The Groupwide waste volume of tonnes in the reporting year compared to tonnes in the previous year is the result of our increased business volume. 

Score 0.555
 Nonhazardous waste for disposal Nonhazardous waste for recycling excluding scrap Scrap for recycling Hazardous waste for disposal Hazardous waste for recycling Rheinmetall Group 

Score 0.554
technologies which help to reduce emissions and the use of water among other things. Handling materials energy water and waste in a considered manner not only protects the environment but also reduces costs at the same time. We continue to strive to use resources even more efficiently. Safe and modern facilities at certified production sites ensure resourceconserving and lowemission production processes as far as possible. Countryspecific regulations and the requirements of international standards for quality ISO IATF and AQAP environmental protection ISO and energy management systems ISO are observed and processes are certified accordingly. Regular audits ensure transparency in terms of the status quo and provide objective confirmation of high quality standards. 

Score 0.546
Years Buildings Other structures Equivalent titles Production plant and machinery Other plant factory and office equipment 

Score 0.546
available to the sites for verification. After verification and any necessary adjustments as well as documentation of evidence this package was merged centrally. Appendix C Generic criteria for DNSH to pollution prevention and control regarding use and presence of chemicals required a more comprehensive consideration and interpretation. In this context the terms production placing on the market and use were defined as follows Production A harmful substance is produced for the first time in ones own company. This does not yet include an external effect. Placing on the market The harmful substance is introduced onto the market for the first time by the own company and thus has an external effect. Use A harmful substance or a product containing the harmful substance is introduced into a product by the company for the first time in production manufacturing or assembly. It should be noted that traceability over several stages of the value chain cannot currently be guaranteed. With this determination the examination of the requirements of appendix C was handed over to the divisions and examined there for each individual taxonomy asset. The result was then made available again centrally added to the package for evaluation of the DNSH criteria and thus ended the review process. 

Score 0.544
Rheinmetall Landsysteme GmbH carries out various projects to extend the useful life of tactical vehicles. This involves completely dismantling old vehicles down to the vehicle hull and refurbishing or modernizing them. In some cases pollutants are also removed during dismantling. This is done by completely stripping the paint from the vehicles. This involves removing the chromium VIcontaining primers used until which are harmful to health. All economic activities in which both dismantling and the removal of harmful substances such as complete paint stripping are carried out are considered taxonomycompliant. 

Score 0.53
Specialist working groups in the divisions deal for example with safety and environmental standards for Rheinmetall products. They are responsible for tracking new regulations and developments defining and implementing the required internal processes and conducting relevant training. Products in civilian business are subjected to extensive testing in accordance with the regulations prescribed by automotive quality and development standards. Sensors and Actuators for example uses a databasesupported process for product safety management which maps out the entire product lifecycle. Materials and Trade uses special design and simulation tools. To prove product safety in addition to tests carried out in testing facilities outside the engine engine operation tests are also carried out with customers under various stress scenarios. Internal and external audits are carried out to regularly monitor compliance with the parameters of the quality management system and the relevant processes. For the divisions operating in the field of security technology the guideline for implementing product safety sets out the basic requirements for ensuring the safety of Defence products in line with common standards and methods. The RD Internal Funds team and the Protection Systems business unit worked on further development of the Digital Product Passport DPP in the year under review. The DPP is intended in particular to drive forward the circular economy and enable new digital business models. For example information on components materials repairability and reuse as well as usage data is stored individually for each product in digital form. Key players along the value and supply chain can access this data via a unique identifier and decide how a used product can be optimally fed into further value creation from an economic and ecological perspective repair reuse recycle etc.. Rheinmetall has been actively involved in an initiative of the European Defence Agency EDA on this topic. As part of the Incubation Forum for Circular Economy in European Defence IFCEED Rheinmetall is participating in studies on the digital product passport in the defence sector. The development of environmentally friendly solutions for materials is not only being driven forward in the civilian sector of our business activities such as in Materials and Trade as part of the substitution of leadcontaining materials. Defence is also working on the materials portfolio to identify suitable alternatives to chromiumcontaining coatings for individual parts for example. In the year under review Material and Trades launched a project to replace lead with a leadfree alternative material

Score 0.53
This category refers to renewable energies within the meaning of Article of Directive EU . With the manufacture of bushes for brakes and geared rotor shafts of wind turbines KS Gleitlager GmbH from Materials and Trade contributes significantly to the further development of wind power technologies. In terms of the regulation we classify this as an enabling activity. The requirements of the selected category for taxonomy eligibility are thus fulfilled according to our interpretation. The substantial contribution emphasizes the 

Score 0.516
Categories Description of the activity Affected companies Environmental objective Climate change mitigation .. Manufacture of renewable energy technologies Manufacture of renewable energy technologies where renewable energy is defined in Article of Directive EU . KS Gleitlager GmbH .. Manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen Manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen Pierburg GmbH KS Gleitlager GmbH Rh Invent GmbH .. Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport Manufacture repair maintenance retrofitting repurposing and upgrade of low carbon transport vehicles rolling stock and vessels. Rheinmetall MAN Military Vehicles GmbH .. Manufacture of energy efficient equipment for buildings Manufacture of energy efficient equipment for buildings. Rh Invent GmbH Pierburg GmbH .. Manufacture of other low carbon technologies. Manufacture of technologies aimed at substantial GHG emission reductions in other sectors of the economy where those technologies are not covered in Sections . to . of this Annex. Rheinmetall Electronics GmbH .. Manufacture of automotive and mobility components Manufacture of mobility components for zeroemission personal mobility devices and of automotive and mobility systems and components. Pierburg GmbH Pierburg Pump Technology GmbH .. Manufacture of aircraft Manufacture of aircraft and aircraft components and equipment. Rheinmetall Aviation Services GmbH .. Construction of new buildings Development of building projects for residential and nonresidential buildings by bringing together financial technical and physical means to realize the building projects for later sale as well as the construction of complete residential or nonresidential buildings on own account for sale or on a fee or contract basis. Rheinmetall Immobilien GmbH .. Acquisition and ownership of buildings Buying real estate and exercising ownership of that real estate. Rheinmetall Immobilien GmbH Environmental objective Circular economy ..Depollution and dismantling of endoflife products Construction operation and modernization of facilities for the dismantling and removal of pollutants from complex endoflife products movable goods and their components for the purpose of material recovery or preparation for reuse of components. Rheinmetall Landsysteme GmbH . Preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components Preparation for the reuse of products and components at the end of their service life. MS Motorservice France S.A.S. 

Score 0.5
With locations worldwide we are subject during our everyday business to a wide range of legal and regulatory requirements any of which can be updated developed or made stricter at ever shorter notice. This applies in particular to provisions relating to not only the environment chemicals hazardous substances and critical raw materials but also occupational and health protection. It also includes regulations relating to air soil and water pollution and waste disposal all of which have recently been made stricter by new legislation particularly in the European Union and the US. Adapting to new requirements could increase operating costs or require unscheduled investments. A whole range of different licenses and approvals are also required for our locations and factories and their provisions have to be met which are subject to renewal amendment suspension and revocation by the issuing authority. Violations of relevant official regulations that apply to how we exercise our business activities or infringement of social occupational safety and environmental standards could harm Rheinmetalls reputation and subsequently result in internal or external investigations requirements remediation obligations claims for damages and under certain circumstances substantial fines or penalties. We actively counter these risks in various ways including through high technical standards integrated management systems and certification in accordance with international standards such as ISO ISO and ISO . We evaluate measures that go above and beyond compliance with legal requirements on a cost benefit basis. Although we have organizational structures and procedures in place to ensure that we comply with applicable government regulations in the conduct of our business it cannot be entirely ruled out that violations of applicable government regulations could occur on our part or on the part of third parties with whom we have a contractual relationship and whose actions could be attributed to us. A large amount of land owned by the Rheinmetall Group has been subject to industrial usage for decades. For this reason it cannot be ruled out that contamination for example as a result of production processes or processes to test munitions has also been generated during this time that Rheinmetall is not yet aware of. Accounting provisions have been recognized for necessary measures to safeguard against or clean up identified pollution. The elimination of leaks or the cleanup of effects resulting from technical failure could give rise to direct costs for the company. It is possible that the relevant authorities may issue regulations that require costly cleanup measures. We counter potential environmental risks by implementing statutory environmental standards certified environmental management systems proper and safe storage of hazardous substances and environmentally friendly disposal of waste and hazardous materials via certified service providers. At our different locations special organizational units ensure that the relevant legislation and regulations are observed and that further technical options for mitigating environmental risks are identified. The tightening of environmental protection provisions and environmental standards could lead to additional unplanned costs and liability risks over which Rheinmetall would have no influence. For certain environmental risks we have taken out liability insurance policies with coverage amounts that we consider customary and appropriate for the industry. Losses could be incurred from environmental damage that exceed the insured amounts or are not covered by insurance. Risks attributable to climate change are currently already beginning to emerge. These can be chronic and acute physical risks such as the rise in average temperature rising sea levels extreme weather events sharply fluctuating water levels increasing heat waves and droughts affecting property. With regard to production sites production interruptions delivery delays or delivery failures represent significant risks. These may be exacerbated by more intense and frequent extreme weather events such as tornadoes and severe flooding. Transitory risks from climate change arise from crosssector structural change due to the transition to a lowercarbon economy. They relate in particular to changes in the legal framework and tighter limits at national or transnational level. These include for example increasing efforts by legislators to introduce CO

Score 0.5
Manufacture of other low carbon technologies .. 

Score 0.499
Rheinmetall counters potential production risks by applying high technical safety and process standards at its plants in line with the relevant risks. We ensure compliance with regulatory requirements for the product areas through internal policies and procedural instructions as well as by establishing applying and continuously improving management systems. Our quality management systems have been certified in accordance with the internationally recognized ISO IATF and AQAP or EN standards for many years now for example. In addition methods including Six Sigma lean management and failure mode and effects analysis FMEA are used to prevent quality risks. Appropriate insurance cover is in place for warranty product liability and recall risks which is reviewed periodically and adjusted where necessary. Wherever possible the management systems are run as integrated management systems meaning that the issue of quality is linked with other issues such as the environment health and safety and energy. Risks may arise from capacity bottlenecks due to staff shortages technical disruptions excessive scrap levels lack of demand availability as a result of failures or partial failures in the supply chains or excessive reliance on individual production sites. These risks can be mitigated however through careful planning and continuous 

Score 0.498
Manufacture of energyefficient building equipment .. 

Score 0.491
A portion of the taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned operating expenditure could be allocated to salesrelated activities. The majority of our taxonomyeligible operating expenditure relates to areas in research and development that serve to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities. They are intended to lead to additional taxonomyeligible sales and thus underscore the importance already attached to alternative drive technologies. In addition operating expenditure for building refurbishment measures as well as maintenance and repair of property plant and equipment has been identified that could be classified as taxonomyeligible or taxonomyaligned within the meaning of the EU Taxonomy Regulation. 

Score 0.485
The sales analysis for taxonomyeligible products was carried out for all companies in the Rheinmetall Group with Electronic Solutions Vehicle Systems and Sensors and Actuators standing out. The increase in the overall total is explained by the fact that in contrast to the previous fiscal year new economic activities such as the manufacture of drones or the refurbishment of endoflife vehicles have now been included as a result of the new environmental objectives. However they are not reported as taxonomyeligible in this fiscal year beyond their taxonomyaligned status. Simulators which meet the requirements of taxonomy alignment and were already included in the previous fiscal year also account for a significant proportion this year. In the area of components for electric vehicles such as electric water pumps used to cool batteries considerable sales were again generated in the series production business this fiscal year. As in the previous fiscal year considerable taxonomyeligible sales were also generated through the production of civilian logistics and special vehicles. In the year under review further progress was made in establishing and expanding our business areas with regard to energy management and renewable energy sources. Sales were recorded in the field of brake and transmission technology for wind turbines. 

Score 0.484
monitoring of the production processes in conjunction with flexible working hour models. Continuous improvement in production for example by simplifying processes or increasing the level of automation helps to further increase production efficiency. The availability of production plants is ensured through preventive maintenance with accompanying checks and through investments and modernizations. Production may also be impacted by factors such as natural disasters disruptions in the infrastructure delivery stops or technical failure. As a countermeasure Rheinmetall operates appropriate business continuity management BCM. For potential damage and associated interruptions to operations or production downtime and for other conceivable loss occurrences and liability risks insurance cover has also been taken out as financially reasonable to ensure that the financial consequences of potential risks are contained or completely ruled out. Rheinmetall reviews investment decisions carefully over several stages. Investments that exceed a defined limit are presented to the Executive Board for approval after undergoing a review. Nevertheless unforeseen changes in general conditions can lead to higher investment costs or cause delays to facilities being commissioned. Risks may also arise from the handling of projects in terms of planning calculation and execution. This is due to the scope of major projects their long terms lasting several years and their complexity particularly at Vehicle Systems Weapon and Ammunition and Electronic Solutions. These risks include not only uncertainty in calculations but also unexpected technical andor logistical problems difficulties surrounding the fulfillment of product specifications underestimations of the level of complexity e.g. in technical implementation projectspecific additions and related cost increases capacity and supply bottlenecks as well as quality problems with business partners or suppliers unforeseeable developments during assembly and deferred dates of acceptance and settlement. These risks can be minimized though not entirely ruled out through the technical expertise and longstanding project experience of the employees professional project management verification levels for each project stage comprehensive quality management measures and the appropriate formulation of contracts. 

Score 0.481
Business activities and in particular production processes are associated with the consumption of natural resources. From our perspective environmental protection and conservation play a major role in ensuring we have a sustainable future that is worth living. The careful use of natural resources is part of how the Rheinmetall Group views itself. Using raw materials and energy economically and avoiding environmental damage in business and production processes are also among the key foundations on which the Group companies business activities are based as is dealing with residual materials and emissions responsibly. It is of key importance here that environmental protection in keeping with a holistic approach is considered an integral part of our management system in the Rheinmetall companies. 

Score 0.474
protection of water and marine resources and environmental objective protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems in the classification of economic activities phase. In the Annexes to Environmental Objectives of the Delegated Regulation there were also some changes to the wording regarding compliance with the NACE codes which stipulate a stricter interpretation. While the wording a The economic activities in this category could be associated with several NACE codes is always used in environmental objectives climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation the categories in environmental objectives now often contain the wording b The economic activity relates to ... classified under the NACE codes. The wording a suggests an optional formulation so that economic activities that do not fall under the listed NACE codes but can be clearly assigned to a category on the basis of the other criteria are considered taxonomyeligible. Wording b on the other hand can be understood as a mandatory formulation meaning that economic activities that cannot be assigned to the NACE codes mentioned are considered nontaxonomyeligible. According to EU Annex I the Capital expenditure and Operating expenditure KPIs are subdivided as A directly attributable to a taxonomyeligible oraligned activity B serving to expand taxonomyeligible andaligned activities or C relating to the acquisition of production from taxonomyaligned economic activities and to individual measures through which the target activities are carried out in a lowcarbon manner or the emission of greenhouse gases is reduced. Derived from this the assignment of the category sets first identified the salesgenerating economic activities and the associated capital and operating expenditure. In addition any values that did not generate sales in the reporting period but could be assigned to categories B or C were identified. In a second step the sets of categories were applied to the economic activities of the divisions. To gain an initial estimate of the taxonomy eligibility in the expected annual values were also added. In addition these were used to determine an internal materiality limit as the granularity in the determination made possible by the EU Taxonomy Regulation in particular for C capital expenditure cannot yet be fully technically implemented. The materiality limit for comparability is based on the methodology of previous years which is approximately of the taxonomyeligible totals of sales operating expenditure and investments less special effects. Special effects are business activities that are not part of the companys core business are nonrecurring in nature and have a significant impact on earnings. These include for example the oneoff purchase of buildings by Rheinmetall Immobilien Gesellschaft for rental or resale. No significant deviations in the projected annual value were identified by the materiality limit. In the third phase the determined economic activities of Rheinmetall AG were finally checked for their taxonomy alignment. A distinction was made between requirements to be examined for each individual economic activity itself such as the substantial contribution and specific DNSH criteria requirements relating to the locations and requirements covered by Groupwide compliance. The latter particularly applies to the requirements of the minimum safeguards. For the Annexes of the Delegated Regulation on the new environmental objectives published in June and the additions to the existing annexes of environmental objectives and a soft landing will be carried out again this year so that no conformity check will be carried out and all economic activities identified here will be reported as taxonomycompliant. Due to the reclassification of economic activities in the automotive sector from category . Manufacture of other low carbon technologies to the new category . Manufacture of automotive and mobility components this leads to a oneoff significant change in the KPIs this year compared to the previous year. Due to the full reporting obligation for taxonomy eligibility and alignment for all environmental objectives taxonomy alignment is expected to increase again from the fiscal year. With the results the KPIs of the EU Taxonomy Regulation have been conclusively evaluated for the Rheinmetall Group.

Score 0.474
In the Bearings business unit development activity in the area of ICE applications was ramped down significantly in compared with the previous years while development in the strategic market segments of nonmotor automotive and industrial applications increased. The product portfolio was successfully expanded to include further environmentally friendly leadfree plain bearing solutions which are used in a range of interior exterior and chassis applications in the automotive sector as well as in industrial applications such as hydraulic pumps and compressors. Further progress was also made in the development of plain bearings for wind turbines and innovative components for hydrogen production both of which are strategic projects in the context of the energy transition. In the Castings business unit worked on expanding its strategic project portfolio in the automotive truck emobility new mobility and engineering service application areas. The primary focus here is on the application of expertise in the area of highly complex components. In addition industrialization in the area of emobility new mobility is being driven forward. In the area of automotive and motor applications the focus remained on the series production of a complex cylinder crankcase CCC by means of lowpressure sand casting and on the expansion of process development for the series production of electric motor housings for electric drives. These developments are aimed at both the European and Asian markets and will lead to an expanded product and market portfolio. In addition product developments for battery applications were also driven forward in the field of emobility. The successful series production run of a new product support frame for a European original equipment manufacturer deserves special mention. Another focus of was the industrialization of various lightweight construction applications outside the powertrain scope. In addition to the further development of existing structural and chassis components work was also performed on new products for large integrated complex lightweight components. In Rheinmetall Invent GmbH continued the projects launched over previous years to open up new business areas and markets for Materials and Trade in the future markets of energy and mobility. With regard to energy recovery systems series production began on the first customer projects and some additional new customer application developments were acquired. In addition initial prototypes for two areas of application cabin airconditioning and heat pumps were produced and tested. The newly implemented business unit for hydrogen storage systems was launched in as part of a publicly funded project and is currently in the development and testing phase. The targeted system benefits have been very well received by customers. Regarding glassfiberreinforced springs a number of customers have expressed their interest in this novel technology. Together with them the fundamental qualification for future series projects was continued. 

Score 0.474
Manufacture of automotive and mobility components . 

Score 0.474
Legal regulations on exports of military equipment The Federal Republic of Germany has one of the strictest export control systems in the world. German military equipment exports are governed by the Grundgesetz GG German Basic Law the Gesetz über die Kontrolle von Kriegswaffen KrWaffKontrG German War Weapons Control Act and the Außenwirtschaftsgesetz AWG Foreign German Trade and Payments Act in conjunction with the Außenwirtschaftsverordnung AWV German Foreign Trade and Payments Regulation. The Political Principles Adopted by the Government of the Federal Republic of Germany for the Export of War Weapons and Other Military Equipment of June provide the licensing authorities with guidelines. European and German exports of military equipment are being restricted by numerous bans licensing and reporting requirements at EU and national level. These restrictions allow the authorities to check critical exports and other foreign trade dealings with respect to arms control objectives. EU law takes precedence over national law including German law. Nonetheless according to Article TFEU Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union all member states can take measures they consider necessary for the protection of their essential national security interests. Decisions on the production of or trade in arms munitions and war materials are therefore up to the respective national lawmakers. War weapons Article of German Basic Law states that the manufacture transportation and marketing of war weapons requires a license from the German government. The details are specified in a federal law the German War Weapons Control Act KrWaffKontrG. An annex to the KrWaffKontrG the War Weapons List lists all items that are definitively regarded as war weapons. War weapons include not only devices such as battle tanks armored combat support vehicles and machine guns but also certain types of ammunition such as tank or artillery ammunition. As well as complete devices and ammunition systems certain assemblies and components such as the turret and chassis of a battle tank or the projectile warhead or fuse for certain types of ammunition are additionally defined as war weapons. The KrWaffKontrG includes an extensive licensing system for war weapons. Almost every activity relating to these goods requires a license. A license is required for the production of war weapons both during development and in series production. Transfer of the actual control over war weapons also requires a license as does the purchasing of these weapons. The transportation of war weapons within a country is also subject to licensing. Moreover the transportation of war weapons using German ships or aircraft outside German territory requires a license. Trading and brokerage transactions involving war weapons that are not intended to affect German territory are also subject to licensing. Above all the importing exporting and transit of war weapons requires a license. Exporting a war weapon requires not only the applicable licenses in accordance with the KrWaffKontrG but also an additional license for export purposes specifically an export license in accordance with the Foreign Trade and Payments Act AWG or the Foreign Trade and Payments Regulation AWV. 

Score 0.473
System components and Rheinmetalls global aftermarket activities Materials and Trade is one of the leading manufacturers and partners for the development of system components for the basic motor. With the Trade business unit it also represents Rheinmetalls global aftermarket activities. The development focus in the Small Bore Pistons Bearings and Castings business units is on the major challenges for the sector such as reducing weight reducing emissions and increasing service life while also optimizing performance. The extensive product portfolio comprises pistons for gasoline and diesel engines in passenger and commercial vehicles pistons for stroke engines and compressors polymercoated and metal plain bearings castings e.g. structural components and continuous casting products. The various fields of activity can be seen in the following overview. 

Score 0.469
 Raw materials and supplies Work in process Finished products Merchandise Prepayments made 

Score 0.465
Manufacture of low carbon technologies for transport .. 

Score 0.465
Manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen .. 

Score 0.464
Management approach The quality of our products is significantly affected by the quality of the raw materials parts and components supplied. We expect a high quality assured by internationally recognized standards such as ISO IATF and AQAP from our suppliers. They are selected on the basis of the quality reliability performance suitability and price of the products or services offered. ESG criteria are also integrated in the selection process and taken into account when reviewing business partners. 

Score 0.463
Group.operating result marging around operating result marging around operating result marging around operating result marging around ..Vehicle Systems.operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to ..Weapon and Amunition.operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to ..Electronic Solutions.operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to ..Sensors and Actuators.operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to ..Materials and Trade.operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to operating margin of to ..OFCF in relation to salesGroup million. to to to to ..

Score 0.461
This category includes the preparation for reuse of endoflife products and product components at the end of their service life. MS Motorservice France S. A. S. MSF procures endoflife turbochargers reconditions them and sells them as refurbished. Without the reconditioning described above the turbochargers would either be partially recycled or disposed of as waste and would therefore be at the end of their service life. As part of the reconditioning process they are prepared so that they can be reused in a vehicle without further processing. The sales associated with the described activity are therefore to be regarded as taxonomycompliant in the present category. 

Score 0.46
Manufacture of aircraft . 

Score 0.453
The recording of taxonomyrelevant economic activities was carried out using a decentralized topdown approach. The organizational structure of the Rheinmetall Group was the guiding principle here so the screening and allocation of economic activities took place at division level as well as at the level of the Rheinmetall AG Rheinmetall Real Estate Rheinmetall IT Solutions and Rheinmetall Technology Center business units. As part of this the determination was divided into three phases identification of relevant category sets allocation of economic activities taxonomy eligibility and taxonomy alignment testing. The categories were identified for all six environmental objectives. A comprehensive assessment was carried out for the final delegated regulation published by the EU Commission in June on the environmental objectives sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources transition to a circular economy pollution prevention and control and protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. On this basis the relevant categories with the associated criteria sets were identified and all nonapplicable categories were excluded. For environmental objective climate change adaptation no economic activity was identified in the allocation of economic activities phase. As in previous years this was therefore not taken into account. Similarly no economic activity could be identified for the environmental objective sustainable use and 

Score 0.452
Regarding the double materiality analysis to be carried out in as part of the CSRD with insideout and outsidein considerations in accordance with the overarching European Sustainability Reporting Standards and we have refrained from updating the material ESG aspects identified in the previous year. Following a review of the 

Score 0.447
The majority of the taxonomyeligible products of Pierburg GmbH and Pierburg Pump Technology GmbH relate to the automotive industry. Last year category . was applicable for activities in the automotive supplier industry on the basis of the EU Commissions FAQ from February . With the reintroduction of category . by the EU Commission in June the components are now taken into account accordingly. While in the previous year components of a hybrid vehicle could also be considered under category . if their target technology is the electric part of the drivetrain these are not applicable this year due to the restriction to zeroemission vehicles in category .. Category . therefore includes all automotive components whose target technology is zeroemission vehicles which means that there is no longer a restriction to components of the drivetrain of such a vehicle and therefore every component of a zeroemission vehicle is considered taxonomyeligible. Due to the fact that this category is an addition published in June the economic activities in this category are reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety. 

Score 0.446
Calculations of Scope emissions have been carried out for categories since . This data will be audited for the first time in by Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft Munich Düsseldorf branch. The emissions attributable to the categories Purchased goods and services and Use of products sold accounted for over of total Scope emissions. Therefore only these categories will be reported in . The companies are accounted for using the operational control approach. All purchased goods and services in the fiscal year were assessed separately by product and supplier group using the corresponding exiobase expenditurebased emission factors. Emissions in Use of products sold were calculated using the emission factors of the Department for Environment Food Rural Affairs and the Association of Issuing Bodies based on the German electricity mix. The lifetimes and operating times were assumed to depend on the end products. The share of emissions per Rheinmetall product was calculated as the relative share of emissions by weight of the intermediate product in relation to the total weight of the end product. In addition to assessing the risk analysis reports from an insurance company on our Defence production facilities prepared using the NatCat data platform on the basis of extensive and detailed data from an external risk data provider a total of around production sites were examined and assessed in respect to various risk types physical risks acutechronic with nine and ten categories respectively transitory risks with six categories and socioeconomic risks with two categories. The results will be taken into account in business continuity management e.g. for the development of adequate and longterm protective measures as well as for preventive measures. In fiscal scenario analyses were also carried out for around production sites under the 

Score 0.445
Land land rights and buildings Production plant and machinery Other plant factory and office equipment Prepayments made and construction in progress Total As of Current period Reversal Disposals Book transfers Adjustment in scope of consolidation Currency differences As of and Current period Reversal Disposals Book transfers Adjustment in scope of consolidation Currency differences As of Carrying amount as of Carrying amount as of 

Score 0.444
In contrast to sales capital and operating expenditures are specifically defined by the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Accordingly capital expenditure comprises all additions to property plant and equipment and intangible assets during the fiscal year before amortization depreciation and remeasurement including additions from business combinations. Leases that do not result in recognition of a right of use of the asset are excluded. For this purpose Rheinmetall has recognized the IFRS items listed in the EU Taxonomy Regulation additions to property plant and equipment intangible assets investment property and rights of use as well as the relevant transaction types such as additions to company acquisitions additions within the Group additions to government grants and external additions. 

Score 0.444
After reversals of warranty provisions during the previous year other operating income fell from million to million. The cost of materials increased to million . previous years figure million in fiscal year as a result of the expansion of the business volume. The cost of materials ratio increased from . to . in particular due to the significantly increased changes in inventories of finished goods and work in progress. 

Score 0.444
.. Environmental objective Climate change mitigation Manufacture of renewable energy technologies .. 

Score 0.441
In terms of sales of our business activities fall under the classification system of the EU Taxonomy Regulation. of total sales meets the requirements for taxonomy alignment. With the possible upcoming revisions of the legal texts and interpretations of the industries future changes to the classifications cannot be ruled out at the present time. We will also continue to take taxonomy alignment requirements into account in all process steps in order to steadily increase these in subsequent years. 

Score 0.439
Sustainability risks nonfinancial risks differ in part from traditional risk assessments in terms of the timescale considered the assessment of their impact but also in perspective. For this reason the process for sustainability risk reporting builds on the existing risk management modules but goes beyond them in parts. Potential sustainability risks are identified and assessed both at Group level and in the divisions as part of the risk management system. In addition to the safety of our products protecting our employees and the environment and respecting and safeguarding human rights in our own business activities and in business relationships along the value chain are high priorities. Misconduct and noncompliance with legal requirements or the Groups own standards may have effects such as personal injury environmental property and reputational damage production downtime and interruptions to operations and the obligation to pay damages. This also includes the risk of releasing hazardous substances as a result of a failure in production the obligation to remove contamination and risks from the area of compliance with human rights and from potentially addressing these insufficiently. With our principles standards and measures we ensure that our requirements are communicated appropriately and implemented in the best possible way. If we do not comply with the increasing regulatory requirements and fail to meet the expectations and requirements of governments customers investors lenders and other financial institutions in the areas of environmental and social responsibility and governance ESG to the required extent or level of detail this can have a negative impact on the Rheinmetall Groups business and earnings. Customers could potentially refuse to award contracts to us private and institutional investors might refuse to include us in their portfolio and financial institutes might refuse to issue loans at all or only at an increased cost. We counter these risks through comprehensive and transparent ESG reporting based on globally recognized standards such as the Global Reporting Initiative and where possible through continuous improvement of our customer and ESG ratings from internationally renowned agencies and institutions e.g. MSCI ISS ESG Sustainalytics VigeoEiris ESG Book CDP and EcoVadis. Furthermore the passing of legislation or regulations for the finance sector could cause institutional investors to restructure their portfolios and reduce or terminate their exposures in companies that operate in industries classed as critical. Possible sector exclusions e.g. for the weapons and defence industry could also limit our options to raise capital. Changes to the qualification criteria for being accepted to or remaining on stock indices could also harbor risks for our company. Business activities that touch on sensitive ESG topics could result in a negative response among stakeholders or trigger negative media reports which could damage our reputation and jeopardize the achievement of our business goals. This impact could potentially be exacerbated by insufficient crisis communication. The protection of human rights is an integral part of our social responsibility and anchored in our Group guidelines such as the Code of Conduct the Supplier Code of Conduct the principles of social responsibility and the policy statement in accordance with the German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act. Rheinmetall aims to prevent the negative consequences of its business activities and in the supply chain impacting its ability to uphold human rights. It is a matter of course for us to identify human rights risks including environmental risks associated with our business activities and sphere of influence through for example adequate due diligence processes and risk analyses and to mitigate these risks as far as possible through suitable measures. In addition to the direct risk of sanctions violations of our own commitments or of laws or corporate policies also entail strategic and operational risks and pose a reputational risk. 

Score 0.439
Regulations on other military equipment Other types of military equipment are listed in Part I Section A of the Export List an annex to the German Foreign Trade and Payments Regulation. In particular the export of these goods requires a license. The term goods and therefore the export controls apply not just to goods but to technology and software as well. Licenses are also needed for some types of technical support i.e. the transfer of intangible knowledge and capabilities and for some trading and brokerage transactions. It is generally possible to import other types of military equipment without a license. National regulations on trade and exports of military equipment The Federal Republic of Germany is entitled to restrict the foreign trade and in particular the export of military equipment including war weapons by imposing licensing requirements or bans for example to safeguard the material security interests of the Federal Republic of Germany to prevent a disturbance to the peaceful coexistence of nations or a major disruption to the foreign relations of the Federal Republic of Germany to safeguard the public order or security of the Federal Republic of Germany or another member state of the European Union or in the interests of the European Union and in addition to implement the decisions of the European Council on economic sanctions within the sphere of Common Foreign and Security Policy to carry out the obligations of the member states of the European Union that are stipulated in directly applicable binding acts of the European Union on the imposition of economic sanctions in the sphere of Common Foreign and Security Policy and to implement resolutions of the United Nations Security Council or intergovernmental agreements. Regulations on trade of military equipment at EU level The adoption of the Council Common Position CFSP defining common rules governing control of exports of military technology and equipment of December created a legally binding regime for all EU member states. The Council Common Position of December sets out a total of eight criteria for assessing export license applications. It gives mention to an EU Common Military List which largely matches the corresponding lists of controlled military equipment of the EU member states. Controlled goods that come under these lists are largely defined and amended by the international export control regime. The Wassenaar Arrangement WA in particular governs the export controls of conventional military equipment and dualuse goods and related technology. The Australia Group AG is active in the area of chemical and biological agents and dualuse goods and technologies. Furthermore the aim of preventing proliferation is pursued by the Missile Technology Control Regime MTCR in the area of ballistic missiles and by the Nuclear Suppliers Group NSG in the area of nuclear weapons. The goods in the respective item lists in the Annex to the EU DualUse Regulation and German export lists are reflected in German law. International regulations on trade of military equipment There has been a set of internationally applicable standards for the trade of conventional military equipment since the Arms Trade Treaty ATT came into force in December . On April the United Nations General Assembly approved a resolution by a large majority to adopt the text of the Arms Trade Treaty. The treaty came into force on December . A total of countries have signed the treaty to date including Germany. Decision of the German government on exports of military equipment The German government makes decisions on exports of military equipment based on its Political Principles for the Export of War Weapons and Other Military Equipment. These political principles take into account the German War Weapons Control Act and the Foreign Trade and Payments Act in conjunction with the European Council Common Position of December defining common rules governing control of exports of military technology and equipment the Arms Trade Treaty that came into force on December and any respective subsequent regulations. The criteria laid down in the Common Position and any subsequent regulations form an integral part of these political principles. The principles on the export of military equipment from June expressly prohibit the export of small arms and light weapons to third countries. Licenses for these weapons and the associated ammunition are now issued by the federal government only in exceptional cases. If the political principles set out more restrictive measures than the Common Position they take precedence. Licenses for the export of war weapons and other military equipment are granted only on the basis of reliable prior knowledge of end use by the intended enduser. This generally requires appropriate written assurance by the enduser in the official enduser certificate. The granting of licenses can additionally be made contingent upon the recipient country giving its consent to onsite postshipment controls in line with the federal governments adopted key points for the introduction of postshipment controls for German military equipment exports and any subsequent regulations. 

Score 0.438
Sales The IT incident in the second quarter of also affected IT systems at the sides of Materials and Trade in Germany and abroad which initially resulted in a significant drop in sales. Despite this IT incident sales declined by only or million yearonyear to million. Adjusted for currency effects there was a decline in sales of . The Trade business unit again showed a very good yearonyear sales performance despite the cyberattack with sales growth of or million. Higher sales were generated in the Trade unit particularly in the sales regions of Europe South America and Asia. In the Bearings business unit sales declined by or million yearonyear. In the Continuous Castings unit the passing on of lower material prices significantly reduced tonnage particularly due to a weak market in the construction and sanitation industry and a change in the sales mix together led to a yearonyear decrease in sales. In business with plain bearings by contrast there was a slight volumedriven increase in sales compared to the previous year. Booked business Booked business of Materials and Trade came to million in fiscal representing a slight yearonyear increase of . In fiscal previous year of this was attributable to the Internal Combustion Engine ICE category previous year to Industrial Technology previous year to Electrification and previous year to Truck. Nominated backlog The nominated backlog of Materials and Trade amounted to million in fiscal . Compared to the previous year the nominated backlog of Materials and Trade decreased due to the reclassification of previous orders and framework contracts as individual transactions which by definition are not reported in the nominated backlog.Operating result Materials and Trade generated an operating result at the previous years level at million in fiscal . The operating margin of . is on a par with the previous years level. The Trade business unit achieved a significant improvement in earnings. This was chiefly due to the higher sales achieved and the lack of the previous years negative earnings contribution from Amprio GmbH. In the Bearings business unit the operating result was down significantly yearonyear. This was attributable to the decline in sales in the Continuous Castings unit and the negative impact from rising energy prices and negative currency effects. Earnings from the Castings business unit which are largely determined by the atequity contribution of the joint venture HASCO KSPG Nonferrous Components Shanghai Co. Ltd were slightly higher in fiscal than a year earlier despite a weak development of the Chinese market for vehicles with combustion engines during the year. Operating free cash flow Operating free cash flow of Materials and Trade decreased yearonyear to million previous year million. The decline compared to the previous year was mainly due to lower earnings after taxes and higher working capital. 

Score 0.437
We refer to the explanations of the executive board in the section EU taxonomy contained in the section Nonfinancial statement of the combined management report. There it is stated that some of the wording and terminology contained in the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the delegated acts adopted thereon are still subject to considerable interpretation uncertainty and have not yet been officially clarified. The executive board sets out how it has made the necessary interpretation of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the delegated acts adopted thereon. As there is the inherent risk that indefinite legal concepts may allow for various interpretations the legal conformity of the interpretation is prone to uncertainty. Our audit opinion on the combined management report was not modified in this respect. 

Score 0.436
Materials and Trade 

Score 0.435
The automotive industry consists of a complex network of globally active players. A distinction is made between original equipment manufacturers OEMs firsttier suppliers and second and thirdtier suppliers. Manufacturers and suppliers are closely linked in working together to develop and produce vehicles. Automotive manufacturers have been working for some time on anchoring economic ecological and social objectives vertically i.e. across all stages of the valueadded chain. These include respect of international ESG standards and ESG frameworks reduction of carbon footprint in production a higher proportion of recyclable material responsible use of substances and materials and future carbonneutral products. 

Score 0.435
Supply chains in the defence industry are characterized by very complex structures easily comprising up to eight stages for the needs of for example Rheinmetall Waffe Munition and Rheinmetall Landsysteme. The high proportion of specific materials and processes combined with a broad product range leads as is generally the case in this industry to a high proportion of single sourcing also because only a few companies throughout the world completely manufacture or command the very specific products and processes. In the defence technology industry switching to new suppliers is very costly both from a financial and timerelated perspective. The qualification of products carried out by military authorities is linked not only to the performance of the product itself but also to the manufacturing process manufacturing location and suppliers. A change of suppliers therefore automatically results in costs for requalification. The procurement business in the area of ballistic protection has the characteristics of a project i.e. it is characterized by intermittent production by our suppliers. This requires a high number of quality assurance measures. Furthermore specific legislation such as the War Weapons Control Act the Foreign Trade and Payments Act the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ITAR to cite just a few must be taken into consideration for procurement in the divisions operating in the security technology sector. We provide information on relevant risks in the Risks and opportunitiessection. 

Score 0.431
year. Rheinmetall Aviation Services is also investing in the future production of military combat aircraft this year. Due to the fact that this category is an addition to the Annex to the environmental objective Climate change mitigation of the Delegated Regulation published in June the economic activities in this category are not checked for conformity and are therefore reported as taxonomyeligible in their entirety. 

Score 0.427
Land land rights and buildings Production plant and machinery Other plant factory and office equipment Prepayments made and construction in progress Total As of Additions Disposals Book transfers Adjustments in scope of consolidation Currency differences As of and Additions Disposals Book transfers Adjustment in scope of consolidation Currency differences As of 

Score 0.425
Operating result Corporate transactions Restruc turing Others Special items PPA effects EBIT Rheinmetall Group Vehicle Systems Weapon and Ammunition Electronic Solutions Sensors and Actuators Materials and Trade Othersconsolidation 

Score 0.424
 Purchased goods and services t COe Use of sold products t COe Rheinmetall Group t COe 

Score 0.422
The purchasing organization is controlled by the Chief Purchasing Officer CPO. It is managed via a matrix structure with the procurement units in the divisions reporting to the CPO in functional terms while there are also central units in Procurement such as Governance ESG and Commodity Management that cooperate with the divisions. One key element for managing this area is the Rheinmetall Group Purchasing Council RGP Council. All divisions are represented on the RGP Council in order to improve Rheinmetalls market position with respect to suppliers and achieve better purchasing conditions. This ranges from optimized prices to improved payment and delivery conditions. Another objective of the RGP Council is to transfer expertise and information and to ensure networking within the purchasing organization. Furthermore regular exchanges in the RGP Council ensure that the purchasing organization is adapted to changing requirements and that both organization and processes are described in sufficient detail.Within the overarching Group purchasing organization the central Governance Processes Tools organizes procurement governance for the Rheinmetallwide purchasing organization in consultation with the CPO defines the systems used within Procurement and manages and supports measures and projects for improving and further developing procurement processes and systems at Rheinmetall. Risks can arise in connection with the purchasing of raw materials parts and components in the form of unexpected supply shortages delays or bottlenecks in delivery quality problems or rising purchase prices for intermediate products raw materials and energy. This is countered through ongoing monitoring of the procurement markets structured procurement concepts and the avoidance of dependence on individual suppliers. The careful selection of efficient suppliers ongoing supplier reviews precise specifications and quality requirements reliability checks medium and longterm supply contracts bundling of volumes to be procured within the Group and appropriate safety stock levels also reduce the risk potential. Ongoing optimization of our supplier circle can leader to more favorable purchasing conditions. If new suppliers possessing for example specialized innovative product knowledge are identified our competitive situation may improve. Legal bans on substances andor materials are taken into account through appropriate measures and cooperation with other specialist areas. 

Score 0.42
The key accounting policies and measurement principles applied to Rheinmetall AGs consolidated financial statements are described below. Cost Cost includes the purchase price and all incidental costs that can be directly with the exception of company acquisitions as defined by IFRS and financial instruments measured at fair value attributed to the purchase. In the event of an exchange cost equals the fair value of the asset given in an exchange of assets transaction as of the date of the exchange whereby any cash compensation is accounted for accordingly. Cost includes all expenditures that are directly attributable to the production process and an appropriate share of productionrelated overheads. The latter comprise material and production overheads including productionrelated depreciation and social security expenses as well as pro rata administrative costs. Overheads are allocated to production costs on the basis of the production facilities normal capacity utilization. Financing costs are capitalized as costs if they relate to assets which are produced or purchased over a period exceeding one year. Grants and allowances Government grants provided for the acquisition of an asset are deducted from the corresponding capital expenditures. Any government grants for expenses for purposes other than investment activities are recognized as deferred income and amortized to profit via other operating income when the related expenses are incurred. Private investmentrelated grants from customers are also recognized as deferred income and amortized to profit over the contract term. If economic ownership of the subsidized asset is transferred to the customer sales are recognized on the date of the transfer. Impairment If there are indications of impairment on an asset or a cashgenerating unit CGU and the recoverable amount is less than the amortized cost an impairment loss is recognized. If indications for impairment cease to exist impairment losses are reversed with the exception of goodwill. The reversal cannot exceed the value of amortized cost that would have resulted if no impairment had been charged. Goodwill Goodwill in the amount of the potential benefit is allocated to the cashgenerating units at the level of which management monitors goodwill. It is not amortized but instead is tested for impairment once a year at the end of the reporting period and during the year if there are indications of impairment. The impairment test compares the carrying amount to the recoverable amount. Fair value less costs to sell determined applying the discounted cash flow method based on the current corporate planning is used as the recoverable amount. If this value is below the carrying amount a check is made as to whether the value in use results in a higher recoverable amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount impairment is recognized down to the recoverable amount which is reported as a writedown. The subsequent reversal of writedowns is not permitted. 

Score 0.419
 emissions as part of energy and carbon management. We have set ourselves the ambitious goal of being carbon neutral by . In addition environmental opportunities and risks with regard to the climate are analyzed and assessed each year as part of reporting to the British nongovernment organization CDP and are reported publicly to customers and investors. With regard to the disclosure requirements for the EU Taxonomy Regulation which were expanded significantly in the year under review we consider ourselves to be well prepared and do not anticipate any additional risks although we do not anticipate any significant opportunities either. In accordance with this frameworks requirements we disclose the economic activities with which we contribute to reducing greenhouse emissions in the industry and the extent of their effects in this regard. We also strive to make our investments sustainable by developing specifications to integrate sustainability in the investment process right from the start taking account of thresholds. 

Score 0.417
The transformation to a fully integrated technology group initiated in continued through . The transformation to a fully integrated technology group initiated in continued through and the strategy was comprehensively reevaluated and adjusted in light of the opportunities and challenges arising from market drivers. Rheinmetalls overarching goal is to be a leading integrated technology group that develops solutions for a secure and livable future. The company is pursuing an ambitious growth strategy that involves both a systematic focus on growth areas and a high level of competitiveness in these fields. Rheinmetalls strategy focuses on current and future customers and aims to impress them with the quality of Rheinmetall products. The company also aims for longterm profitable growth. By sales are to be increased to between billion and billion with an average operating margin of . To successfully realize these ambitions Rheinmetall is pursuing the following core targets Process improvement and operational performance Improving our delivery reliability and quality to remain and become the preferred choice for existing and future customers Expanding plant capacities and making them more flexible Increasing productivity by making optimum use of available resources such as by exploiting the potential of digitalization sharing best practices and through automation Optimizing the supply chain to ensure the necessary supply in disruptive supply chains Bringing operational excellence in all areas of the business in valueadding processes e.g. development production aftersales service and in all supporting processes 

Score 0.415
Other relevant financial indicators include earnings before interest and taxes EBIT earnings before taxes EBT and return on capital employed ROCE. The return on capital employed means the ratio of EBIT to average capital employed average of values as of the balance sheet dates January and December of the year under review. Capital employed on a reporting date is the sum of fixed assets working capital and other assets and other liabilities. Furthermore the level of capital expenditure and the research and development expenses are relevant financial indicators for the Rheinmetall Group. Nonfinancial indicators for the Rheinmetall Group include the headcount by fulltime equivalent FTE the accident frequency rate LTIR and in addition to energy efficiency energy intensity and CO

Score 0.414
The denominator of operating expenditures is limited to certain expenses. Consequently the taxonomyrelevant transactions are also only a subset of this limited unit. The denominator must include direct noncapitalized expenses incurred for research and development building renovation measures shortterm leasing maintenance and repair and all other direct expenses from the maintenance of property plant and equipment to ensure operational readiness. Here too we have used standardized reporting formats and thus include maintenance costs expenses for shortterm and lowvalue leases and noncapitalized expenses for research and development. The additional determination of expenses for the daily maintenance of assets has been carried out since . Rheinmetall understands this to mean internal expenses incurred in connection with maintenance and repair by its own personnel and therefore not included in other operating expenses. When evaluating the cost centers care is taken to ensure that the total costs are adjusted for individual costs where necessary for the required data reporting in order to avoid double counting when determining the key figures. 

Score 0.413
The goal of making the processes projects and tasks enshrined in the compliance management system more measurable and transparent is achieved with a reporting tool. More than employees entrusted with a compliance function in around units of the company make use of the many opportunities to track assess and manage the status of a large number of compliancerelevant processes and projects at various organizational levels of the Rheinmetall Group. These include reporting on the status quo of training courses audits risk analyses consulting focal points processes compliance levels for guideline rollouts and the recording of project statuses. The associated evaluation options will now enable compliance reporting to the Executive Board and Supervisory Board to focus on identified compliance risk areas and the mitigation measures established as well as the related KPIs. Corporate Compliance Compliance Program Regulation Taking account of or on the basis of external conditions such as laws regulations etc. and internal organizational requirements the Executive Board of Rheinmetall AG issues regulations for the Rheinmetall Group so that all employees concerned act in line with standardized processes. Regulation Management which is based in the central Corporate Compliance department provides support with the preparation and management of conduct and processrelated regulations of Rheinmetall AG for the Rheinmetall Group. To ensure a standardized procedure the Regulation Management Manual is available. This manual is aimed primarily at publishers and authors as well as members of the Executive Board and management bodies but also includes several interfaces at all organizational levels. In the Central Regulations Register on the Groups intranet all regulations approved by the Executive Board can be called up at any time. These are provided in German and English in line with the corporate languages. Using a continuously updated summary all employees can obtain a quick overview of the professionally regulated topics. Corporate Compliance Compliance Program Business Partners As a shared service center the central Compliance Due Diligence center of expertise conducts not only preemployment checks on applicants for key positions but also all compliance due diligence checks on new and existing business partners e.g. procurement cooperation and sales partners on a Groupwide basis. The focus lies here on determining whether the commitment is legally permissible whether all attributable people can be identified know your customer KYC and know your supplier KYS and whether conflicts of interest are excluded. The general performance and integrity of the business partner are also assessed. The local compliance organization will continue concentrating on assessing the transactionspecific compliance risk associated with the commitment of a business partner at company level. The center of expertise will be integrated into daytoday operational business through various technical and procedural interfaces. There is already a relatively high degree of digitalization in the Compliance Due Diligence organization. In addition to a specific management database for selecting managing and monitoring cooperation and sales partners the whole integrity due diligence process can now be performed via a secure online platform as well. As part of special projects large quantities of data from business partners were migrated to the electronic thirdparty management system again in the year under review. In the past fiscal year apart from the business partners screened by the automated procedure around business partners and people who applied for key positions at the Rheinmetall Group were subjected to nonautomated screening in procedures of varying complexity depending on the risk. An additional existing partners were automatically transferred to monitoring and processed by way of bulk uploads. Corporate Compliance Central Investigation If employees have information on questionable activities that have been observed specific breaches of regulations or business practices that may be prohibited they can contact not only their line manager but also and in full confidence various internal offices as well as an independent external ombudsperson lawyer and so avert losses for the company. Incident management is also supported by the electronic whistleblower platform Integrity Line which has been implemented throughout the Group. In addition employees can contact the compliance organization directly if they suspect or know of breaches of regulations or business practices. In addition to employees external parties can also contact the ombudsperson by telephone or email send an email to speakuprheinmetall.com or contact a specialist compliance officer by telephone. 

Score 0.413
In the first year of collecting all data to determine taxonomyaligned economic activities a system has already been developed that sets comparable standards for all divisions. As a result of the delegated regulation for environmental objectives to published by the EU Commission in June economic activities in all six environmental objectives were reported for the first time in this fiscal year. However this initially only includes the taxonomy eligibility for environmental objectives to and the additions to the annexes for environmental objectives and . This causes a oneoff deviation in the KPIs compared to the previous year. In addition the increased denominator of investment expenditure due to the acquisition of Expal Munitions S.A.U. this year leads to a distortion of the KPIs and thus to a low comparability of this years KPIs for investment expenditure with those of the previous fiscal year. For reasons of transparency and comparability with the previous year capital expenditure is therefore presented below both including and excluding Expal Munitions S.A.U. The full presentation of both taxonomyeligible and taxonomyaligned economic activities in all six environmental objectives will be provided from the fiscal year onwards. 

Score 0.412
Production of passenger cars and lightduty commercial vehicles up to . t in million units.

Score 0.406
Shipments of war weapons and other military goods of a quantity or type that could be relevant to war weapons are approved only upon presentation of official enduser certificates that include a reexport ban subject to authority approval. This applies mutatis mutandis to any other military equipment related to war weapons exported in connection with a manufacturing license. Effective end use regulations must be made a precondition for these manufactured war weapons. War weapons and other military equipment related to war weapons may be reexported to third countries or brought into the EU single market only if the federal government has consented to this in writing. A recipient country that flouts an issued enduser certificate to approve the reexport of war weapons or other military equipment related to war weapons or that has knowingly failed to prevent or has not sanctioned an unapproved export of such weapons or equipment will be generally excluded from receiving any further deliveries of war weapons or other military equipment related to war weapons until the situation is resolved. The same applies if postshipment controls identify violations of the enduser certificate or a country refuses to conduct onsite controls despite making a commitment to this effect in its enduser certificate. Other goods Other goods besides war weapons and other military equipment are controlled namely dualuse goods i.e. goods that can be used for civilian and military purposes. In other words they are not purely civilian goods. Purely civilian goods are not generally subject to any export restrictions. With a few exceptions they can be exported without requiring a license. Export of dualuse goods The export of dualuse goods has been harmonized at European Union level since . The European Parliament and Council Regulation EU of May setting up a regime for the control of exports brokering technical assistance transit and transfer of dualuse items EU DualUse Regulation applies here. A common list of items lists all dualuse items that are subject to uniform control regulations in all EU countries. These are based on the aforementioned international export control regime. The transfer of these goods within the EU is free apart from a few exceptions. In addition to the EU DualUse Regulation there are further listed dualuse goods in Part I Section B of the Export List to the Foreign Trade and Payments Regulation AWV that also require a license to be exported. These are nationally listed dualuse goods. Export of nonlisted goods To ensure seamless export controls there are also licensing requirements for goods that are not technically described in any of the aforementioned export lists and are known as nonlisted goods. These licensing requirements involve openended lists that prevent lowtech goods from being used for armaments projects. These are referred to as catchall clauses. Factors that play a role in licensing approval include the intended purpose of the goods and the respective purchasing country or country of destination. A licensing requirement may exist if the goods are intended to be used or may be used in connection with the development manufacture handling operation maintenance storage tracking identification or dissemination of chemical biological or nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosives or for the development manufacture maintenance or storage of missiles for such weapons or are intended to be used for a military end purpose in an arms embargo country or for use as components of military goods exported without requiring a license or where the goods are for digital surveillance the goods are or may be intended in whole or in part for use in connection with internal repression andor the commission of serious violations of human rights and international humanitarian law. Vehicle emissions Mobility in its current dominant form relies on burning fossil fuels which is inextricably linked to the emission of substances that are harmful to health and the environment. In metropolitan areas in particular traffic is repeatedly leading to severe impairment of air quality. To reduce the negative impact on citizens health from trafficrelated exhaust gases and cut greenhouse gas emissions legislators in many countries are issuing limits for passenger cars and for light and heavyduty commercial vehicles. The focus here is on both CO

Score 0.405
In view of the emerging new strong trends in the area of sustainability and the soontobeintroduced extensions and new requirements in sustainability reporting we again carried out a materiality analysis in the fiscal year involving both internal and external stakeholders. The result of the materiality analysis reflects the economic environmental and social sustainability issues that are significant for our company. The focus of our reporting is on the topics classified as very material and material. For some other aspects our voluntary reporting in this nonfinancial statement ensures that the justified interest and information needs of various stakeholders are taken into account by providing information on the Rheinmetall Groups approach. 

Score 0.403
The Rheinmetall Groups internal control system related to the accounting process includes all principles procedures and measures which ensure by both organizational and technical means that all business processes and transactions are recorded in the accounting system promptly accurately and consistently. In addition to defined control mechanisms e.g. manual coordination processes and technical coordination processes for systems this includes the separation of administrative executive settlement and approval functions together with guidelines and operating instructions. Changes to the economic legal and regulatory environment of the Rheinmetall Group are analyzed to determine whether adjustments to the accountingrelated control system are necessary. Accounting guidelines Our IFRS accounting guidelines cover all the regulations of the International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS that are of relevance to Rheinmetall AG. They explain the IFRS regulations and specify accounting procedures. The guidelines must be observed by all companies included in the consolidated financial statements thereby ensuring standardized accounting. The accounting guidelines are reviewed at least once a year and amended where necessary. Companies are informed about specific changes to guidelines. The content of the guidelines is the responsibility of the main Accounting department of Rheinmetall AG. 

Score 0.402
requirement that the economic activity produces technologies for renewable energies. In this respect it is our understanding that no separate proof is required for this if taxonomy eligibility has already been proven. 

Score 0.402
Waste management 

Score 0.402
As part of the transformation of the civilian sector new business areas are being analyzed and evaluated with regard to sustainable profitable growth potential and their strategic fit. Under the umbrella term of decarbonization Rheinmetall has begun to address a diversified business area with high growth potential for the civil sector. Transferability to the defence sector is also being assessed and opens up further growth potential. Within decarbonization warm home and hydrogen technologies are focus areas for Rheinmetall. In the warm home area the focus is on the development and supply of components such as circulation pumps heating pumps and compressors as Rheinmetall has extensive technological and development expertise. 

Score 0.401
Ongoing further development aligned to the changing requirements of our time is the basis for sustainability activities at Rheinmetall. In cooperation with the ESG experts in the divisions business units and national companies the central CSR department works to continuously improve the Groups sustainability performance. Various principles and international guidelines form the basis for our sustainability management Corporate philosophy with vision and mission based on the values of respect trust and openness Code of Conduct for all employees with binding regulations which include topics such as human rights anticorruption compliance adherence to competition and antitrust legislation Principles of social responsibility international framework agreement with reference to global standards such as those of the International Labour Organization ILO Position paper on transformation and internationalization in the Rheinmetall Group Supplier Code of Conduct Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact on human rights working standards environmental protection and anticorruption The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals Charta der Vielfalt e.V. a corporate initiative to promote diversity in companies and institutions Six minimum standards on human rights no forced labor no child labor freedom of assembly occupational safety no discrimination and fair remuneration Policy statement on the human rights strategy in accordance with Section of the German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act. Furthermore alongside key performance indicators nonfinancial aspects from the environmental and social areas are also included in target agreements with the members of the Executive Board. These define targets for variable remuneration components relevant to ESG including areas such as energy efficiency reduction of CO

Score 0.401
.. Environmental objective Circular economy Depollution and dismantling of endoflife products . 

Score 0.401
We also wish to anchor our values and principles in our supply chains and therefore expect our business partners to share our principles regarding responsible and fair conduct to employees customers suppliers and the public and demonstrate this responsibility accordingly. We expect our suppliers to take into account the principles laid down in our Supplier Code of Conduct which is available in several languages and is valid worldwide in their own corporate policies and to view them as an advantageous basis for further business relationships. In October the completely revised Supplier Code of Conduct . which is aligned with the requirements of the German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act was published as a binding component of contracts with suppliers. On this basis Rheinmetall can now act more proactively in partnership with its supplier partners to improve performance sustainability and compliance aspects in the procurement process and to achieve corporate development goals at the economic social ecological and regulatory levels. 

Score 0.275
Letter to shareholders Combined management report Consolidated financial statement Further information Remuneration report Comparison of yearonyear change in remuneration RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 

Score 0.215
 These employee representatives in the Supervisory Board and the trade union representatives in the Supervisory Board have declared that they will transfer most of their remuneration to the Hans Böckler Foundation in accordance with the trade union regulations. Figures exclude valueadded tax 

Score 0.252
Chairman Peter Sebastian Krause Lawyer Director of Industrial Relations January to December Rheinmetall Electronics GmbH

Score 0.078
 . KlausGünter Vennemann . . . Dr. Daniel Hay . . . Ralf Bolm . . . Murat Küplemez . Dr. Michael Mielke . . . Reinhard Müller . . . Dagmar Muth . . . Barbara Resch . . . Sven Schmidt . . Employees remuneration of employees . . . Earnings trend Net income Rheinmetall AG in million . . . Adjusted EBT of Rheinmetall Group million . . . 

Score 0.194
Born Nationality German Human Resources Rheinmetall Waffe Munition GmbH

Score 0.047
Born Nationality German Finance and Controlling ZF Friedrichshafen AG

Score 0.151
 TEUR On December incumbent members of the executive board Armin Papperger . . . Peter Sebastian Krause . . . Dagmar Steinert . Former members of the executive board Helmut P. Merch . . . Jörg Grotendorst . . . Klaus Eberhardt . Horst Binnig . . On December incumbent supervisory board members Dipl.Kfm. Ulrich Grillo . . Prof. Dr. Dr. h.c. Sahin Albayrak . . Dr.Ing. Dr. Ing. E.h. Klaus Draeger . . . Prof. Dr. Andreas Georgi . . . Dr. Britta Giesen . . Prof. Dr. Susanne Hannemann . . . Louise Öfverström

Score 0.035
Comparative representation 

Score 0.117
 The change in percent is based on exact nonrounded figures in euro 

Score 0.27
The table below shows the yearonyear change in remuneration Rheinmetalls earnings development and the average remuneration of Rheinmetall employees on the basis of fulltime equivalents. 

Score 0.063
Comparison of yearonyear change in remuneration 

Score 0.108
Vorsitzender Dagmar Steinert Business graduate CFO December to November iG Nyrt.

Score 0.205
Rheinmetall AG Rheinmetall AG 

Score -0.038
 One attendance fee from settled in 

Score 0.246
Positionarea Appointments Membership in Supervisory Boards Armin Papperger Engineering graduate Chairman January to December Rheinmetall Automotive AG

Score 0.145
Consolidated financial statements Consolidated income statement 

Score 0.255
The Executive Board remuneration covers all activities for Rheinmetall AG and for services performed with Rheinmetall AG in accordance with sections et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act. If remuneration is agreed for mandates at affiliated companies this is offset against the basic remuneration. For mandates at companies that are not affiliated companies or for functions in associations or similar groups to which Rheinmetall AG or one of its affiliated companies belongs the Supervisory Board decides on settingoff. In fiscal year the Executive Board members held the following mandates at affiliated and nonaffiliated companies 

Score 0.23
Letter to shareholders Combined management report Consolidated financial statement Further information Consolidated income statementRHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 

Score 0.335
 Notes to the statement of financial position Goodwill other intangible assets Rightofuse assets Property plant and equipment Investment property Investments accounted for using the equity method Inventories Other assets Securities held for trade Cash and cash equivalents Equity Provisions for pensions and similar obligations Other provisions Financial debts Other liabilities Other explanatory information Notes to the statement of cash flows Notes to the segment report Contingent liabilities Additional information on financial instruments Share programs Other information on related parties Auditors fees Voting rights notifications Exercise of exemption provisions under German Commercial Code HGB Corporate Governance Events after the end of the reporting period Shareholdings Consolidated income statement Consoliated statement of comprehensive income Consolidated statement of financial position Consolidated statement of cash flows Consolidated statement of changes in equity NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Segment report Summary of accounting principles General information New and amended accounting standards Accounting policies Currency translation Consolidation principles Scope of consolidation Material acquisitions Discontinued operations Notes to the income statement Sales Changes in inventories and work performed by the enterprise and capitalized Other operating income Cost of materials Personnel expenses Amortization depreciation and impairment Other operating expenses Income taxes Earnings per share 

Score 0.198
Members of the Executive Board and mandates of the Executive Board members 

Score 0.181
Letter to shareholders Combined management report Consolidated financial statement Further information 

Score 0.208
Chairman Born Nationality German Rheinmetall Landsysteme GmbH

Score 0.215
Letter to shareholders Combined management report Consolidated financial statement Further information Remuneration report Comparison of yearonyear change in remuneration 

Score 0.27
Chairman The Dynamic Engineering Solution Pty Ltd Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board Rheinmetall MAN Military Vehicles GmbH

Score 0.278
Events after the end of the reporting period are explained in the notes to the consolidated financial statements under note Events after the end of the reporting period. DüsseldorfGermany March Rheinmetall Aktiengesellschaft The Executive Board Armin Papperger Dagmar Steinert Peter Sebastian Krause 

Score 0.182
Supplementary report 

Score 0.32
Letter to shareholders Combined management report Consolidated financial statement Further information Supplementary report RHEINMETALL ANNUAL REPORT 

Score -0.124
 . . . . . . Barbara Resch

Score 0.323
The remuneration of Rheinmetall employees is shown on the basis of average personnel expenses for employees fulltime equivalents of the Rheinmetall Group in Germany not including the Pistons business unit. The salaries include performancebased remuneration additional payments fringe benefits social security and special payments. In line with the remuneration granted and owed in accordance with section AktG pension expenses are not included. Düsseldorf March The Executive Board Rheinmetall AG 

Score -0.11
 . . . . Sven Schmidt

Score -0.036
 . . . . . . Murat Küplemez

Score -0.035
 . . . . . . Dagmar Muth

Score 0.27
 Basic remuneration Fringe benefits Total fixed remuneration Shortterm variable remueration STI STI STI Longterm variable remuneration LTI LTI tranche LTI tranche Total Pension contribution Total including pension contribution 